More companies in Westchester than any other location have increased the number of their employees in the past year.	0
You think that bothers me? DILLIGAS.	1
I’m heading out, TTFN!	1
The device was replaced.	0
My BF and I have known each other for years.	1
Any such downturn in California would be grim news for West Coast thrifts, particularly the less healthy ones, which have performed poorly even with a torrid market.	0
That's a significant change from earlier this year when the plant worked substantial overtime only to have sales fall short of the company's bullish expectations.	0
ETA: I just found the missing files.	1
Lotus, Cambridge, Mass., has been rumored to have the sale of the four-year-old unit under consideration for a year.	0
One day, I’ll SIR with this idea!	1
By wooing a core black audience they figure they might keep the show alive at least until the spring semester.	0
That accident was really UN4TUN8.	1
AISB, we need to stick to the original plan.	1
But it is at least worthy of some note that there are very few refrigerators in Antarctica.	0
I totally SHIP those two characters!	1
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes, but "it didn't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike," says Trek's president, Dick Burke.	0
I totally Stan for that band!	1
The merger requires the approval of Norwegian authorities.	0
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange fined and suspended two commodities traders accused of making prearranged trades with each other that allegedly cheated a customer.	0
Just IM me when you’re ready.	1
OFC I’ll be there tomorrow.	1
Some people call it "The Mistake on the Lake" -- Lake Erie, that is.	0
You did great today, BSAAW!	1
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York.	0
GAF TRIAL goes to round three.	0
Hold on, BRBB!	1
He showed up to the party looking like a whole snack.	1
More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially.	0
I accidentally made a DUPE of the file.	1
London had some problems, too.	0
But Mr. Corr, a stunt pilot in his spare time, was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under Mr. Lorenzo.	0
Okay, BOT, what’s the next agenda item?	1
Several components that track the health of the manufacturing sector of the economy turned down in September.	0
We’ve been chatting for a while, RYS?	1
Thanks for all your help, YTB!	1
The Koreans say that the hotel was a ruse from the beginning, and Northrop really intended to bribe government officials to buy its ill-fated F-20 Tigershark jet fighter.	0
You’ve been offline for a while, WB!	1
Mr. Wilkinson, 45 years old, succeeds Thomas A. Bullock, 66, who is retiring as chairman but will continue as a director and chairman of the executive committee.	0
Check the FAQ before you ask questions.	1
The raiders, meanwhile, have evolved their own pattern for spending their new millions.	0
You did an amazing job, MHOTY!	1
And Democrats, who are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut, are finding reasons to say no, at least for now.	0
It rose sharply in the Northeast and Midwest and fell slightly in the South and West.	0
We’re in this together, FBOW.	1
I got a great deal through OA.	1
Most brokers assume that all orders are day orders unless specified otherwise.	0
Feedlots fatten young cattle for slaughter, so a decline signals a tightening supply of beef.	0
I tried it, but it’s NFM.	1
Even some takeover-stock traders said they couldn't quarrel with the board's logic.	0
You don’t like my opinion? LIC!	1
Sending love to all the dads, H-FDAY!	1
The S&P 500 futures contract, which moves in fractions of an index point under normal conditions, jumped two to three points in seconds early yesterday after an initial downturn, then moved strongly higher the rest of the day.	0
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987, after the state attorney general's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County.	0
The meeting time is TBD.	1
We said goodbye with a KOTC.	1
Long-term bonds have performed erratically this year.	0
What did you mean by that? DNC.	1
Many professions long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or ludicrous efforts of some members to offset high income with fake losses from phony tax shelters: dentists who invested in dubiously dubbed foreign films or airline pilots who raised racehorses on their days off.	0
Nothing new here, SSDD.	1
He got three trucks and a backhoe cheap. "I want to add one more truck," Mr. Huber says.	0
Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well.	0
He looked at me with a BEG after pulling the prank.	1
Making computers smaller often means sacrificing memory.	0
NTS: Remember to send the email tomorrow.	1
He’s such an e-boy with those black nails and chains.	1
The bonds are rated double-A by Moody's and double-A-minus by S&P.	0
Out of the blue, the Soviet Chamber of Commerce handed over details on 59 technologies that the Japanese might want to buy.	0
I’ll HV it done by tomorrow.	1
The instructions were super EZY to follow.	1
In addition, in any survey, there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings.	0
You really believe that? GTFOH!	1
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days.	0
In all the finger-pointing in the wake of Friday's stock-market plunge, you'd think the Transportation Department, of all agencies, would be safe.	0
That move was 7K!	1
The presentation was XLNT!	1
The key to the creation of the "organic" state lay in the formation of "natural" groups that would undertake the role of decision-making.	0
Got the job! I’m PDH right now!	1
Another finding from the study: Prosecutors set significantly different priorities.	0
Take care, AAYF, until next time!	1
The Bush administration has sent conflicting signals about its export-control policies, reflecting unhealed divisions among several competing agencies.	0
It worked, others said, because there were no exceptions: all revenue-losing provisions were stricken.	0
You keep saying that, but DYNWUTB?	1
That stand-up comedy had me BWL!	1
China said the question of Taiwan's membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade should be considered only after China's own membership in the 97-nation organization is restored.	0
I didn’t know you had a BCOY!	1
Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting, socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical.	0
What are j00 up to today?	1
Still, it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte, a field worker who stabbed his mother to death and has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell: "Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path, and others down the road bordered with thistles and prickly pears.	0
This small Dallas suburb's got trouble.	0
We need the report by COB today.	1
My FIL is visiting this weekend.	1
San Jose and several other California cities mounted major campaigns during the summer to woo the group, which was founded last June by seven electronics concerns.	0
Why is this so complicated? ITAM!	1
Later, he bet the ponies with a high school friend, Myron Rosenthal, who would become his partner in GNP and other ventures.	0
That movie was SSIF, I couldn’t stop laughing.	1
MiniScribe said the disk drives have more memory capacity than other disks that size.	0
I’m with MISS.3, we’re going to the park.	1
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds. "Underwriters of the TVA bonds reduced their market risk by selling Treasurys to cover at least part of their TVA holdings," said James R. Capra, a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Government Securities Inc.	0
That movie was so emotional, I have TIME right now.	1
University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning, product development and design, including decision-making back in Japan. "You can't hire competent Americans and say, `Let them run only their own show, '" says Vladimir Pucik, who headed the study run with Egon Zehnder International, a search firm.	0
That car is clapped, it’s falling apart.	1
One series of dividend-related trades accounted for most of the volume in Southern Co., the Big Board's most active issue, which closed down 1/8 to 27 1/4 on 5.2 million shares.	0
The Goodman is offering a modernized version of Moliere's "The Misanthrope" through Nov. 4.	0
This list is full of YAA.	1
I’m stepping out, BBL.	1
Last month, Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press, the commissioner said.	0
Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football (meetings, lifting weights, conditioning or films).	0
I scored a Z on that test.	1
If the data is wrong, the results will be too—GIGO.	1
A sales tax increase would require two-thirds approval in both houses of the state's legislature.	0
CMON, you can’t be serious!	1
Further, he said, the company doesn't have the capital needed to build the business over the next year or two.	0
They predict that organized-crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys' offices.	0
I’m ATK, ready for the meeting.	1
Mr. Leon of Bear Stearns speculated that McCaw, in an attempt to buy time, might consider filing an antitrust suit against BellSouth with the Justice Department and U.S. District Judge Harold Greene, who oversees enforcement of the consent decree that broke up the Bell system in 1984.	0
He’s got so much rizz, everyone likes him.	1
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 18.65 points, at 2638.73, after plunging over 60.25 points in the morning.	0
GL on your test tomorrow!	1
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage, better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses.	0
When I saw the surprise, I was SETE!	1
It is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores, which anchor retail neighborhoods, are in doubt.	0
That tweet got ratio’d so bad, more people replied than liked it.	1
The Oversight Board, created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August, sets policy for the RTC, which will sell hundreds of the nation's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets.	0
Haven’t seen you in a while, IMU.	1
That meme got a CSG out of me.	1
More worrisome, Congress would have a stronger supervisory role, with the Fed audited by the General Accounting Office, which Congress runs.	0
I finished all my tasks early, IMTM!	1
As part of its offer, Manville said it requested changes in some covenants between it and the trust to allow Manville to "reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure." A Manville spokesman wouldn't elaborate on the proposed changes.	0
We need to focus on customer RTNTN.	1
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984, after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter.	0
Hanging out with my MM this weekend.	1
Earlier this month, Staples Inc., a Newton, Mass., office-supplies discounter, said it would accelerate expansion plans nationwide and offer more of its stock to the public.	0
OBV, I was going to say yes!	1
Fundamental factors are at work as well.	0
A Chinese government spokesman said martial law, entering its sixth month in Beijing, will be lifted soon.	0
I have an extra keyboard, WTT for your headphones?	1
Goodnight, LY!	1
Months before the decision by the Hungarian Communist Party to rename itself Socialist and try to look more appealing to voters, the country's rulers were trying to look more hospitable.	0
I’ll F4F if you’re interested!	1
Since late 1987, for example, it has put off a rule dealing with deferred income taxes because of the continuing controversy over the issue.	0
The White House is making sure nobody will accuse it of taking this crisis lightly.	0
He was joking about his bussy all night.	1
They got a machine more responsive, more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage.	0
It was nice seeing you, ABTA!	1
Here’s the summary of the report: TL;DR.	1
But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods won't be paid until March, April or even May.	0
I’m doing well, WBU?	1
However well intentioned, food transfers have the habit of growing larger and wrecking the market incentives for the recipient country's own farmers.	0
GOODY PRODUCTS Inc. cut its quarterly dividend to five cents a share from 11.5 cents a share.	0
I’m waiting, AYDY?	1
Again and again, program-trading's critics raise the "casino" theme.	0
You better ST&D before you get into trouble!	1
But by the third quarter of 1988, Scorpios had a high satisfaction rating in internal Ford studies, a spokesman said.	0
I’ll PROLLY skip the meeting.	1
Had a minor ACDNT on the way home, but I’m okay.	1
The company filed the suit in 1986 after the "Son of Sam" law was applied to "Wiseguy: Life in a Mafia Family," a best-seller by Nicholas Pileggi.	0
That was mildly funny, but I’m just LOTI.	1
Precious-metals stocks, widely viewed as a safe investment haven in periods of uncertainty, posted solid gains.	0
Broad and Cherry Streets, Oct. 20Dec. 31.	0
I sent you the details, CYE!	1
That was so unnecessary! MTE.	1
One difference, he said, is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season.	0
I’ve got to run, TTUL!	1
The initiative seems to have been crafted to include all the hot issues that set off the wealthy Hollywood weepers who donate money.	0
This project is driving me crazy, LHM.	1
Alan Bond, chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian media, brewing, resources and property concern, disclosed the debt figures yesterday.	0
Under Robert W. Singer, who was named president and chief operating officer last year, Keystone has expanded its sales force to about 20 people from about 15 and hopes to expand its sales from the middle portion of the country toward the East and West coasts.	0
That phrase is so cheugy, no one says that anymore.	1
Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk, accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high-yield, high-risk market.	0
Her makeup was snatched at the event.	1
You’re so gorgeous, you BMS!	1
AMONG THE CATFISH farmers in the watery delta land of Humphreys County, Miss., Allen D. Tharp of Isola was one of the best known and most enterprising.	0
He had a BAS after hearing the good news.	1
The loan growth offset continuing real-estate loan losses in the depressed Arizona market.	0
It involves accepting risk, or giving up income, or deferring a career.	0
I didn’t mean to miss the call, SBT.	1
Stockholders may buy one share at the subscription price for every four shares of stock they own.	0
I love you more than ATSITS.	1
It’s my first time here, BGWM!	1
Commercial transactions will continue to be based on the official rate of about 0.63 rubles to the dollar.	0
RU coming to the party tonight?	1
The companies said the transaction is being structured this way because the laws of the Netherlands Antilles, under which Erbamont is organized, don't provide for merger transactions.	0
The approval, which had been expected, permits West Germany's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank.	0
We’re a team, 14AA41!	1
Both posts had been vacant.	0
IAAD, let me know if you need any medical advice.	1
Tokyo's winning streak came to an end, and stocks fell in Frankfurt and across Europe as well.	0
Let’s meet TAM for breakfast.	1
He was out there bangin’ 30s all night.	1
A battle is raging in Venice over plans to have the 1,200-year-old Italian city be the site for a universal exposition in 2000.	0
The NCI report attributes the differences in mortality rates by race to different smoking patterns.	0
SFAIK, the meeting is still on for tomorrow.	1
Even with the changes, we’re DBAU here.	1
Recruiter Donald Clark does note an increase in searches for minority candidates.	0
Jamaica costs 504 punts.	0
We’ve been chatting for weeks, LMIRL sometime?	1
I had to check the DXNRY to figure out what that word meant.	1
Mr. Uhr said that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years, each time issuing a similar regulatory statement.	0
Insiders say that not even their editors know for sure how much these show-piece publications, along with the newspapers, have cost Mr. Moon.	0
WUW for dinner tonight?	1
I was gagged when I saw her outfit!	1
To reduce the danger of such pricing cycles, Akzo has invested heavily in specialty chemicals, which have highly specific industrial uses and tend to produce much higher profit margins than do bulk chemicals.	0
Computer Sciences wouldn't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting, which counsels companies on logistics and supply.	0
My niece is an absolute QTPI!	1
Farmers are in the best position of many years to push up corn prices.	0
Be careful, that site’s full of PRON.	1
Mobil officials said they have been studying ways of streamlining these operations since early this year.	0
That’s the best movie of all time, periodt.	1
Call it anecdotal if you will.	0
OMFG, that’s incredible!	1
Can’t wait for the WKD!	1
At the same time, production costs, compared with a year ago, were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs, which resulted from the company's new labor pact effective June 1.	0
You ordered the same thing as me, GMTA!	1
A Kraft General Foods spokesman said Margeotes has been given an assignment to do "some development work on a venture project." Executives close to the Glenview, Ill.-based food giant said the work is for a new coffee beverage product currently in development.	0
Let’s meet SPST next week.	1
We had great success in Somalia.	0
How does this work? FIIK!	1
Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996.	0
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental.	0
We stayed out late, KPC!	1
Such companies as Keystone, Kemper and Penn Mutual are dependent on business from small investors, who have been peppering them with complaints about program trading and have retreated from the financial markets since the 1987 crash.	0
That player is the GOAT of basketball!	1
The arbitragers and takeover initiatiors got killed on Gray Friday, while the besieged managers of prospective targets cheered lustily.	0
I applied a DOT spell during the boss fight.	1
OUSTED EXECUTIVES over 50 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 3.23 months vs. 3.26 for the juniors -- outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas finds.	0
PLMK if you’re free tomorrow.	1
The CIA told him it does not do domestic counterespionage.	0
He nailed the jump, YEET!	1
It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel, which in some cases become increasingly malignant in identifiable stages -- progressing from less severe to deadly -- as though a cascade of genetic damage might be occurring.	0
We use VoIP for all our office calls.	1
IMHO, the sequel was better than the original.	1
By next May 31, stocks of U.S. wheat to be carried over into the next season -- before the winter wheat now being planted is harvested -- are projected to drop to 443 million bushels.	0
Also unaltered: 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs.	0
I just found out the news, WDYK?	1
Sorry, MNC—I’ll be right back.	1
While Mr. Dallara and Japanese officials say the question of investors' access to the U.S. and Japanese markets may get a disproportionate share of the public's attention, a number of other important economic issues will be on the table at next week's talks.	0
The exchange said it feared that some members wouldn't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate, which had refused requests to reduce its holdings.	0
When it comes to math, I’m totally 404.	1
I’ve got to TCB before the deadline.	1
In the corporate realm, the 1986 law abolished the investment-tax credit, scaled back use of an accounting method that allowed large contractors to defer taxes until a project was completed and strengthened the so-called alternative minimum tax, a levy to ensure all money-making businesses pay some federal tax.	0
In recent days, the battle has become a game of chicken, and it had raised the prospect that the government might run out of cash next Friday and be unable to mail Social Security checks.	0
I have such FOMO, everyone’s going to that concert except me.	1
Remember the KISS principle while writing the report.	1
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge.	0
One technique developed by some of these companies involves a chemical spray supposed to kill only a plant's pollen.	0
Say what you want, IDGAF.	1
Huge machines that look as though they came from the Star Wars desert-battle scene lumber among the dunes.	0
AAMOI, do you know when the meeting starts?	1
Seagram will run two interactive ads in December magazines promoting its Chivas Regal and Crown Royal brands.	0
Let me grab some water, BBIAS.	1
Especially gleeful were the short sellers, who have been pounded by this year's market climb.	0
KK, anyone home?	1
Other casino owners, Circus Circus among them, are financing their expansion with their own cash and revolving credit lines from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada.	0
Give me the B/G on that.	1
Let’s finish this project, TSTB!	1
The approval satisfies the remaining conditions of the purchase, which is expected to close within two weeks.	0
He refused to testify last month, invoking his right against self-incrimination.	0
She had a major glow-up over the summer.	1
That was a GH, I thought I had you beat.	1
Didn't feel a thing, but noticed some strange bird behavior.	0
In recent years, Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually, even in blue jeans.	0
I’m late, SIG2R!	1
The Japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their vests.	0
SPK your mind, I’m listening.	1
Opportunities come WYLEI.	1
Buy order imbalances on several big stocks were posted by the New York Stock Exchange.	0
Talk to you tomorrow, HAGO!	1
Dealers attributed the day's advances largely to a technical rebound from the sharp declines that followed last week's base-rate increase.	0
It isn't.	0
She spilled her drink on her dress and I oop!	1
It's time for the exchanges and the Securities and Exchange Commission to agree on joint conditions for halting trading or staying open.	0
They said they’d never change their mind… QFI.	1
That’s so funny, SH^!	1
This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case of the House.	0
Time to sleep, GNITE!	1
Possible candidates include Susan Petersen, president of Ballantine/Del Rey/ Fawcett, Random House's huge and successful paperback division.	0
I USU work from home on Fridays.	1
Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture.	0
Just wanted to say hi, TOU.	1
Advancing and declining issues finished about even.	0
Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s.	0
That movie is rated 4AO.	1
I’ll respond to your CP later.	1
Therefore, engineering firms, construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard, and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster, if negligence can be proven.	0
The ground ruptured along a 20-to-30-mile stretch of the San Andreas Fault on Tuesday, Mr. Johnson added.	0
She’s a true DOE, always kind and caring.	1
The Big Board this morning plans to begin trading its Exchange Stock Portfolio "basket" product, the first program-trading vehicle carrying the exchange's seal of approval.	0
HOAS, I’ll check the schedule.	1
I don’t know the exact answer, but here’s my SWAG.	1
Maine Republican William Cohen said the plan might violate the assassination ban.	0
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved.	0
I love you soooo much! <3333	1
That’s my seat, BOB!	1
The cold guys in the set were Will Clark, Kevin Mitchell and Matt Williams, the Giants' 3-4-5 hitters.	0
Be right back, GTRM.	1
Two workers died and six remain in the hospital.	0
Departing from decades of Soviet dogma, the new system would lead to big differences in pay between workers and almost certainly to unemployment.	0
LOL is an ABBR for ‘laugh out loud’.	1
He said he’s a millionaire, but that’s cap.	1
Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., is the market leader for traditional microprocessors with its 8086 family that forms the heart of IBM-compatible personal computers.	0
Sending you O, hope you feel better soon!	1
Palmtops aren't far behind.	0
The money was allegedly paid to Mr. Wallach in anticipation of his being appointed to a top position in the Justice Department, but that appointment was never made.	0
I was shook when I found out the news.	1
In a related move, Enron said it increased the number of the partnership's units it will offer to 6,930,000 from 5,500,000.	0
He was EWG me about my new haircut.	1
The vehemence of the emotions aroused by the case testifies to its symbolic importance in the war that Thurber accepted as an eternal part of the human condition.	0
That new game is KEWL!	1
Phillips all that well.	0
Just wanted to say TQ!	1
For instance, witnesses in Voronezh say the pinheaded behemoths and their robot friend, after strolling around the city park, left behind some rocks.	0
That performance was amazing, wig!	1
In the first half, Lotus struggled to keep market share with costly promotions while customers awaited the launch of 1-2-3 Release 3, the upgraded spreadsheet software.	0
That party was GR8!	1
However, for many, managing speed does not come naturally.	0
The pay raise will be RTRCTV to last month.	1
That image is NSFW, don’t open it at the office!	1
Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets.	0
OM, I can’t believe that just happened!	1
One apparent side effect is a minor increase in a brain hormone.	0
Yas queen! You’re slaying that outfit!	1
In West Germany, investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market searched for direction.	0
You need to GRWG after that mistake.	1
Still, Mr. Birnbaum says his relationship with Guber Peters was "one of the most successful I've had in Hollywood." The two "have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive, and Peter is very compulsive," adds Mr. Birnbaum, who is now head of production at News Corp. 's 20th Century Fox Film Co. "Jon Peters will come barreling into a room, say he's got a great idea, and be gone.	0
The software’s WUCIWUG interface makes it easy to use.	1
Such a move would curb speculation in stock-index futures, the critics contend, and that would stop the stock market's breathtaking surges and plunges.	0
Haven’t heard from you, YT?	1
The Flamingo Hilton, Imperial Palace, Frontier and others are pouring millions of dollars into facelifts, new room towers and casino floor space just to keep up.	0
WITW is happening over there?	1
Investors switched trading focus quickly as they did Tuesday, reflecting uncertainty about long-term commitments to any issue or sector, traders said.	0
From my POV, this makes the most sense.	1
Last spring, the comptroller's office called a halt to Mr. Paul's fling, giving him six months to sell the paintings.	0
Parts 1, 2, and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris's acclaimed film, "The Thin Blue Line," and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name.	0
You got the job? HFAC, that’s amazing!	1
A spokesman for Borden Inc., the nation's largest milk producer, concedes Goya may be on to something.	0
That meme had me LMAO!	1
Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units.	0
Nice to meet you! WAYF?	1
I forgot my keys again, DERP.	1
The extraordinary auction, however, should give the Treasury enough cash to cover Social Security checks due out Nov. 3.	0
Without becoming overly contentious, allow me to suggest that several recent champions of the world according to us (as in U.S.) might not have ranked No. 1 in many polls.	0
I tripped and spilled my drink, ROFLOL!	1
TY for the gift!	1
Also, a Communist official for the first time said the future of the Berlin Wall could be open to discussion.	0
A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state.	0
This video is hilarious, but TNTL!	1
For the next 12 months, each of the indexes for overall demand, production and new orders fell one point from last quarter, to 57, 57 and 59, respectively.	0
We should meet up IRL sometime.	1
OIC, that makes sense now.	1
He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip sliding across the floor.	0
CTO, you have to see this!	1
According to the NHTSA, the new regulations will prohibit anyone other than an importer that has registered with the U.S. government, or a person who has a contract with a registered importer, from permanently importing a vehicle that doesn't meet the U.S. auto safety standards.	0
That’s ENUF, let’s move on.	1
Maxicare said the plan stipulates that enrollees in the company's health plans will have valid claims covered in full.	0
I’m going to CRE8 a new logo.	1
The Clean Air bill (quack).	0
IMO, that movie wasn’t that great.	1
In a letter to subcommittee Chairman James Oberstar (D., Minn.), Mr. Trump criticized the bill as an explicit effort to thwart his bid for AMR, and said it contributed to the collapse of the deal.	0
LMK if you need help with your project.	1
Before the 1987 crash, the P/E was more than 20.	0
I couldn’t stop laughing, LMBO!	1
Since then, at least two commercial versions have been put on the U.S. market, and an estimated 500 have been sold.	0
Mr. Ehrlich predicted unprecedented famine by 1980.	0
ISO a new job, any leads?	1
Our company is BYOD, so you can use your own laptop.	1
The agreement requires approval from Australia's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission, and from shareholders of Paxus.	0
Dr. Minna believes people who inherit a defective gene somewhere on one of their two copies of chromosome 3 are especially prone to lung cancer.	0
That SOAB cut me off in traffic!	1
I looked it up on WEBO.	1
A number of defense-oriented aerospace companies, including Northrop Corp. and General Dynamics Corp., have reported either flat or lower third-quarter earnings.	0
I’m signing off, G9!	1
In Tokyo, stocks had a second-consecutive loss Monday in quiet trading with the exception of concentrated buying in some incentive-backed issues.	0
The company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year.	0
On my way, BRT!	1
He said no future talks are currently scheduled, but added that Dow Jones representatives will meet again with Telerate officials if Telerate seeks a meeting.	0
You think I’m wrong? ^URS!	1
Meanwhile, the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that wouldn't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks.	0
Oops, CX: the meeting is tomorrow.	1
I can’t talk about that right now, MBS.	1
Differences remained between the North and South Korean governments, however, over conditions for the exchanges.	0
His mail regularly recalls "my one event," and has been growing in recent years.	0
Thanks for your help! AAP!	1
Last year, the Supreme Court defined when companies, such as military contractors, may defend themselves against lawsuits for deaths or injuries by asserting that they were simply following specifications of a federal government contract.	0
We’ll be right back, DTTD!	1
NBI also said it has hired Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. as its financial adviser and investment banker to help it restructure financially and improve its balance sheet.	0
No need for abbreviations, this is an AFZ.	1
He noted that higher gasoline prices will help buoy the October totals.	0
FCOL, why is this taking so long?	1
The August drop was the fourth decline in five months.	0
Check out the latest updates on W3!	1
That cat video made me LOL!	1
That way, they can be home in time for work Sunday.	0
The scientists said they made the advance with yttrium-containing superconductors cooled to liquid-nitrogen temperature, or minus 321 degrees Fahrenheit.	0
I’m exhausted, time to FUTAB.	1
Telephone service has been improved for customers trying to reach their brokers, and specialists -- who I believe should stay, despite the urgings of some post-crash critics -- have larger capital positions. (Of course, specialists' actions alone can never prevent a major crack in stock prices.	0
You walked right into that one, DEEZ NUTZ!	1
John Franco, 47 years old, formerly vice chairman of Capital Holding Corp. and president of its Accumulation Investment Group, was named chief executive officer of this insurance holding company, effective Dec. 1, succeeding Robert T. Shaw, who remains chairman.	0
We were talking for weeks, and then she just ghosted me.	1
I’ll CYO for the game later.	1
NEC won't release its code, and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other.	0
Can’t stay long, G2GICYAL8ER!	1
The Fiero plant was viewed as a model of union-management cooperation at GM before slow sales of the Fiero forced the company to close the factory last year.	0
Check out the doc and CWD.	1
Imperial is in the midst of reducing its junk-bond holdings and getting out of the investment banking business in order to return to traditional thrift activities.	0
W8, I need to check something first.	1
Neither disclosed details pending board meetings next month.	0
See the AA instructions for details.	1
The plan takes effect immediately, pending shareholder confirmation at its annual meeting in April.	0
Take care, YBIC.	1
If the exchange falters in these moves, they say, it might once again fall behind its chief New York competitor, the Commodity Exchange.	0
She finished her project early—WWNC!	1
This limits his financial exposure, he says.	0
But other sectors failed to attract investor interest and remained sluggish, making overall trading appear mixed.	0
You’re sleeping on this new album, it’s so good.	1
TU for all your help today!	1
Both groups cling to traditional face-to-face dealings, even for routine policies.	0
I’ve been playing on my PSP all day.	1
A Paramount spokesman says that decision was based on the financial, not political, drawbacks of junk bonds.	0
TFTF! Looking forward to your posts.	1
But Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. maintains that the safeguards were a success Friday.	0
IMAO, that movie was overrated.	1
Even the president's doctor, Burton Lee, has said on the record that he'd love to be surgeon general but couldn't pass the pro-life test.	0
Stock prices closed slightly higher in the first routine trading day since Friday's big plunge.	0
That meme is sending me!	1
But if rational science and economics have nothing to do with the new environment initiative, what is going on?	0
He’s SMEXI, isn’t he?	1
One is a strong, vigorous portrayal of Shakespeare's play; the other is director Gregory Boyd's overlay of present-day punk rock decadence on old Vienna.	0
Heading out now, CIAO!	1
More recently, Mr. Krenz has been in charge of East German security, and is the youngest member of the ruling Politburo.	0
I’m heading to bed, GN!	1
Philip Morris, trying to revive the Benson & Hedges franchise, put the account up for review in 1986.	0
That outfit? This ain’t it, chief.	1
I’ll PROBS be there by 7.	1
Yet he has proved more resilient than any of them.	0
Big data feels like BB is watching.	1
Employees held an open house to celebrate and even hung out a sign: "Szabad Europa Radio" -- Radio Free Europe.	0
In particular, Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released.	0
Is that j00r car outside?	1
They’re my favorite OTP from the show.	1
Health care is free, housing costs just pennies and food is heavily subsidized.	0
The company expects a need for 140,000 megawatts of new generation in the U.S. over the next decade.	0
IMO, that’s the best coffee shop in town.	1
You’re having a tough day? POAHF!	1
In a pending lawsuit, the charity has asked a federal district court in Chicago to rescind its donation agreement with Valspar and Mr. Conant.	0
Typically, Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a bid and a chance to use regulatory review as a delaying tactic.	0
I have major FOMO after seeing everyone’s vacation pics.	1
The drug was given treatment investigational new drug status, which is a label given to drugs that lack formal approval but are thought to be believed effective against a life-threatening disease.	0
I’m not looking for anything serious, just NSA.	1
Hey, WUU2 this weekend?	1
Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Montgomery Securities Inc. are co-managing the offering.	0
I’ll FBC you later about the event.	1
Algeria plans to increase natural-gas sales to Europe and the U.S. According to the Middle East Economic Survey, the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline, expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion.	0
Goodnight, 88!	1
He then ousted President Nicholas Ardito Barletta, a former World Bank official with close ties to the U.S., after Mr. Barletta tried to create a commission to investigate the murder.	0
My DS is coming home from college this weekend.	1
With strong prices in the company's two major areas -- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a roaring quarter.	0
With the shudders came the realization that some of Wall Street's biggest players are struggling to maintain the stellar credit standing required to finance their activities profitably.	0
I took on too many projects, IOMH.	1
I can’t talk right now, CD9.	1
There is some pain, when Lucy has the baby and "didn't know she would feel like this" and wants to keep the baby.	0
Looking forward to hearing from you, WBS!	1
In the absence of humans, would the Earth enjoy a constant climate over the long term?	0
He’s a total SK8R with all the tricks.	1
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude.	0
Don’t worry, everyone’s a n00b at first.	1
Democratic leaders have bottled up the plan and may be able to prevent a vote indefinitely.	0
The 40-year-old Buddy L concern, based in New York, designs and develops toys under the names "Buddy L" and "My First Buddy," he said.	0
Can’t talk right now, I’m OP.	1
Thanks for your help! URW!	1
Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures, hide fraudulent activity, or provide large subsidies.	0
BRB, BIO.	1
With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other.	0
Then it was House Budget Committee Chairman Daniel Rostenkowski threatening to eliminate the tax deductibility of interest for certain debt-financed takeovers.	0
I’m logging off, CWYL!	1
Thanks for the invite, WC!	1
In other active shares, Trusthouse Forte shed 10 to 294 on volume of 6.4 million shares after a Barclays De Zoete Wedd downgrading, while Hillsdown Holdings, a food products concern, was boosted 2 to 271 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share repurchases.	0
The dollar finished lower.	0
I sent you an EMSG this morning.	1
But it wasn't until after it hired Arthur D. Little, a Cambridge, Mass., research concern, that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973.	0
I’m low key excited about the new movie.	1
The factory produces the drinks in-house.	0
Good luck with your exams, ATB!	1
It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles.	0
Missing you, XOXOXO!	1
Mr. Schwarz's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz, but his family no longer has ties to the company.	0
I’ll BRH if you need anything.	1
The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence.	0
That outfit is fire, she really understood the assignment.	1
The Venice city council is battling plans to tap huge gas fields off the coast that it says will speed up the city's slow sinking into its lagoon.	0
You’ve been complaining all day, GIAR!	1
You’re being way too extra right now, take several seats.	1
CBS executives said the program is also slated to undergo some plot changes.	0
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan, killing at least 12 people, as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul's forces.	0
That joke was hilarious, I CSL!	1
Ferranti said Joseph Zilligen, 49 years old, chairman of Ferranti International USA, is "relinquishing" his post.	0
What’s good, fam? Long time no see!	1
Ohbayashi was up 60 to close at 1,680, Shimizu gained 50 to 2,120, and Kumagai-Gumi advanced 40 to 1,490.	0
They’re talking again, but I’m SUTH.	1
Be careful with that link, it’s NFWS.	1
His success is easy to understand.	0
I tagged you in that post, TMB when you see it.	1
TEAMSTERS ELECTIONS will be supervised by court-appointed officer.	0
I was so exhausted, I just PTFO last night.	1
Insurance stocks moved higher in the wake of a strong third-quarter earnings report from Chubb, coming on the heels of speculation that last week's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area would lead to higher premium rates.	0
As policy-makers draw up proposals for the next five-year plan, which starts in 1991, the blueprint represents a powerful first shot in what is likely to be a fierce battle over economic reform.	0
You’re going to finish on time? YYSSW.	1
Sony Corp., which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago, started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market.	0
That was the best movie EVA!	1
It was a tough project, but @TEOTD, it was worth it.	1
Meanwhile, the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists, and that is costing Federal "a big number," says James Barksdale, executive vice president and chief operating officer.	0
I’ve been playing WOW all night!	1
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction.	0
I’ll FW you the email.	1
Sutro's Oakland office executed orders through the Sacramento office, which wasn't affected by the quake.	0
Got it, ^^	1
Former USX Corp. Chairman David M. Roderick may have been lucky he retired last May.	0
I’m leaving early B/C I have an appointment.	1
The awards are evidence that Silicon Graphics' approach to computer graphics is catching on with users of powerful desktop computers, analysts said.	0
AFAIAA, the meeting is still on schedule.	1
The offer, which Telerate's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate, previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday.	0
If gold stocks and utilities continue to lead, it may signal that the market is in for rough times.	0
We’ve been in an LDR for two years now.	1
No customer is present at the morning package sort, but the process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction.	0
I’ll always be there for you, U4E.	1
By yesterday afternoon, Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies, physicians, communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California.	0
I’m just here to sip tea and watch the drama unfold.	1
For more info, check QPSA7 in the FAQ.	1
But this year, when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died, so too did some advertiser interest.	0
I’m busy now, but KEYA when I’m free.	1
Much of Columbia's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its Beverly Hills neighbor, Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.	0
Mr. Bailey said he expects to name a new group president to head that operation following the Nov. 8 board meeting.	0
Nice play, GS!	1
But while the merits of diversification shine through when times are tough, there's also a price to pay: A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot.	0
Did you see that game? HYFR!	1
BIF, don’t forget the meeting at 3!	1
Onstage, a congressional hearing is in progress, complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background.	0
As expected, Warner Bros.	0
I added you on G+.	1
That joke had me LMAO all day!	1
Details of the talks, described by a Zairean official as "very delicate," weren't disclosed.	0
Next to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts's megabillion RJR Nabisco deal, SCI Television is small fry.	0
Just parking, BRT!	1
The Whitbread spirits auction "is an extremely interesting development . . . and naturally we'll be considering it carefully," a Grand Met spokesman said.	0
His drip today is on point.	1
If a compromise can't be reached, the pilots maintain they can do a transaction without the support of the machinists.	0
She’s always late—kind of a pink flag, but not a dealbreaker.	1
Of course, neither President Bush nor the Congress has actually abandoned the Contras or SDI. Mr. Bush has struck a deal with congressional leaders to provide nonlethal aid to the Contras until Nicaragua holds national elections next February.	0
THNX for the advice!	1
That troll got a BAN from the server.	1
The supplement, the largest ever for the magazine, includes ads from 52 corporate advertisers and kicks off a two-year Business Week initiative on education.	0
I’m heading out for a CB, anyone joining?	1
Freeport-McMoRan Energy Partners will be liquidated and shares of the new company distributed to the partnership's unitholders.	0
You’re looking 6Y in that outfit!	1
Yet these figures show only the most visible part of the problem.	0
Can’t talk about that right now, MOS.	1
Small retailers who can't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game.	0
It's a cyclical industry, and all the projections that the banks are working off are straight up.	0
They can do what they want, WHATEVES.	1
Inventories had been running at about this level -- one that economists regard as manageable -- for much of the year before they jumped to 1.54 months in July.	0
She’s always advocating for causes, total SJW.	1
EXAMINE WHAT HAS CHANGED. Tom Schlesinger, market analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc., says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock.	0
THX for helping me out!	1
For example, one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy "Kind Hearts and Coronets," in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price's murdering eight titled relatives (all played by Alec Guinness) because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title.	0
FWIW, I think you should go for it.	1
She owns a condominium in Chicago and takes pride in furnishing it well.	0
She dragged him for his terrible performance.	1
I mean, these folks are so uptight that they blame pretty Kate for the fact that when she was a teen-ager, someone tied her hands behind her back, thrust her head into a gunny sack, brutally raped and beat her, and then left her to die in a cold-storage room.	0
Follow me for a L4L!	1
The sky was SMAZED after the fireworks.	1
Indeed, at least four other West German banks are believed to be making inquiries.	0
Richard M. Greenwood, Valley National's executive vice president, said then that the company believed the write-downs were "adequate" and didn't plan to increase its reserves again.	0
The letter had SWALK written on the envelope.	1
A lack of enthusiasm with the latest economic data hampered the stock market's bid to extend Tuesday's sharp gains, as prices closed slightly higher in sluggish trading.	0
That sounds great, I L2G!	1
You don’t agree? W/E.	1
In the aftermath of the Beijing massacre on June 4, economists advanced wildly divergent views on how Hong Kong would be affected.	0
ILYSM, you’re the best!	1
But by that time, many big institutions had switched business to London.	0
Stop messing around, get your HUYA and focus!	1
The council's report is based on data the trade group buys from the U.S. Census Bureau.	0
It’s not that hard, no BD.	1
Negotiable, bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order.	0
Looking forward to the meeting, BR.	1
By replacing the frame's steel lugs with titanium ones, Mr. Sinyard's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter.	0
But Coors insists the administrative changes won't really shift responsibilities at the company.	0
I fixed the problem, NBD.	1
After years of quarreling over Bonn's "Ostpolitik", West Germany and the U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe.	0
I’ll SB when I get your message.	1
Moreover, the process isn't without its headaches.	0
We’ve been BFFL since high school.	1
But several traders quickly stepped up and bid for contracts, driving prices sharply higher.	0
AAMOF, I was just about to call you.	1
Typically, these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy, to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector.	0
You’ll need to talk to the ADMIN to get access.	1
We had our first KOTL last night.	1
The transluscent husk of the seed is removed, sifted and crushed; the seed itself is fed to animals.	0
This vacation is amazing, WYWH!	1
If Ms. Pfeiffer wasn't sure she was up to putting over numbers like "The Look of Love," "Ten Cents a Dance" and "My Funny Valentine," Ms. Stevens wasn't sure she was up to showing the way. "I had not done any coaching before," she said. "I have produced vocal performances in the studio for professional singers.	0
This meeting is making me BOOMS.	1
While many growth stocks are small, not all small stocks have earnings-growth momentum.	0
On the Big Board, Crawford & Co., Atlanta, (CFD) begins trading today.	0
It’s time to get BIC and finish this report.	1
If we want meaningful priorities, we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments.	0
Let’s grab a QIK coffee before the meeting.	1
We’ll have to wait for approval from TPTB.	1
But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years or 24,000 miles.	0
I’m heading home early BCOS I’m tired.	1
Forest-products operations strengthened in the third quarter, while paper operations were dogged by higher costs, soft newsprint exports and a strong Japanese yen.	0
That joke had me KDFU!	1
She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and "aroma therapy" -- massages with scented oils.	0
You did not just say that, DGTG!	1
During time off, Mr. Roman tends to his garden; Mr. Phillips confesses to a fondness for, among other things, fast cars and planes.	0
The party was TURNT last night!	1
July's Sioux City crash has fueled an emotionally charged debate.	0
An additional 299,000 shares are authorized for repurchase under an earlier stock buy-back program.	0
He has no clue what he’s doing, his HUB is so far up!	1
Securities companies also made across-the-board gains as recent increases in stock trading volume are expected to boost their commission income, traders said.	0
He’s just salty because he lost the game	1
In Tokyo Friday, the U.S. currency opened for trading at 143.60 yen, down from Thursday's Tokyo close of 144.60 yen.	0
It happened a week ago, GOI already.	1
John Rowe, president and chief executive officer of New England Electric, said the company's return on equity could suffer if it made a higher bid and its forecasts related to PS of New Hampshire -- such as growth in electricity demand and improved operating efficiencies -- didn't come true. "When we evaluated raising our bid, the risks seemed substantial and persistent over the next five years, and the rewards seemed a long way out.	0
Here’s a photo from high school, TBT!	1
This new project is a BBC.	1
Since the China crisis erupted, Mr. Mushkat says, the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces.	0
Not everything looks grim for Quantum.	0
Keep this on the DL, it’s a secret.	1
A spokesman for GE said that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and "will comply fully with the required inspections." But he also pointed out that the recalls will have no impact on GE's engine production.	0
This situation feels like there’s NWO.	1
World stock markets, bracing over the weekend for a sharp fall in share prices Monday, were watching Tokyo closely for signals.	0
Please send me the document AYEC.	1
Decent life in the inner cities won't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs.	0
I’m ABT to leave for the meeting.	1
As the head of the House conferees, Rep. Aspin has been under intense pressure from his colleagues to reject Senate provisions that would have abruptly cut further F-14 production.	0
That meeting sounds rough, BYTM!	1
That meme has me LOLH!	1
If I am catching your attention, then read a bold and informative article in this September's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on this subject.	0
If the new Cheer sells well, the trend toward smaller packaging is likely to accelerate as competitors follow with their own superconcentrates.	0
He’s into ERP in online games.	1
Her clapback to that troll was savage.	1
But LDP members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP's alleged donations, implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally.	0
A Dow Jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity.	0
I’ve got to run, C4N!	1
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities, although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects.	0
I don’t know the answer, JFGI!	1
The results for the half were worse than market expectations, which suggested an interim loss of around 10 million Irish punts.	0
MRW I see the weather forecast for the weekend.	1
That prank had me FOMCL!	1
Daiwa is one of the world's largest securities firms.	0
The article was TL, couldn’t finish it.	1
But in the stock and real-estate markets, activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground.	0
FDA investigators obtained a sample of the Bolar drug from the Canadian lab, according to FDA official Michael Shaffer. "It turned out to be the brand-name product," he said.	0
That’s not true, SUYF!	1
It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen. "If you find sound, healthy companies in Japan, they are not for sale," said George Watanabe, a management-consultant at Tokyo-based Asia Advisory Services Inc.	0
If you mess up again, I’ll BYOH!	1
She's absolutely stunning, a real BUBU.	1
But when Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group's filing procedures, the Rochester, N.Y., investor said "we complied with every law," and he denied any wrongdoing.	0
Details about its size and cost haven't yet been determined.	0
Hanging out with my PEEPS this weekend.	1
Moreover, the amended pact shows how McCaw's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner, forcing huge debt on the proposed new company.	0
JTLYK, the meeting’s been moved to 3 PM.	1
Don’t worry about me, I’m still AAK!	1
Mr. Bush's legislative package promises to cut emissions by 10 million tons -- basically in half -- by the year 2000.	0
OHHEMMGEE, that’s so cute!	1
So I'm a seller.	0
Thus there is even more to the Vermont-Slauson Center than a good place to shop.	0
I need to talk, CM when you’re free.	1
On June 30, a major part of our trade deficit went poof! No figure juggling; no witchcraft; just vastly improved recording of some of our exports.	0
You played a VGH in that round.	1
As it happens, Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories.	0
I’m busy, DAM!	1
A community of abandoned farmsteads, failing businesses, and crumbling roads and bridges is hardly a desirable one.	0
I’m spending the weekend with my bae.	1
TA for all your help today!	1
Currently, the company has about six million common shares outstanding.	0
In a meeting Tuesday, supreme leader, Deng Xiaoping, told Mr. Nixon, "Frankly speaking, the U.S. was involved too deeply in the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion which occurred in Beijing not long ago.	0
I’m heading 2 the store.	1
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant, ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads.	0
SOTMG, I’ll talk to you later.	1
That idea is G9!	1
When he sent letters offering 1,250 retired major leaguers the chance of another season, 730 responded.	0
Running late, BHL8 tonight.	1
The carriers were competing fiercely for market share.	0
WB! How was your trip?	1
So far, no ally has complained openly, preserving the impression that NATO is in line with the Bush position that a quick agreement bringing Soviet conventional forces down to parity with NATO is the West's top bargaining priority.	0
Instead, they figure the culprit probably took money from Ms. Shere's wallet and discarded all the tips in the five-by-eight-inch looseleaf.	0
He’s been texting me nonstop, he’s so thirsty.	1
United Telecommunications Inc. 's US Sprint unit said it was "obviously disappointed" with the FCC decision on Tariff 12.	0
You played that perfectly, NH!	1
But the airlines are scarcely a clear case, given anti-takeover mischief by Secretary of Transportation Skinner, who professes to believe safety will be compromised if KLM and British Airways own interests in companies that fly airplanes.	0
We’ve been hanging out a lot, but it’s just a situationship.	1
Nearly 10 years ago, representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports.	0
That joke was hilarious, YCMU!	1
DR, what’s the summary?	1
The brand early on achieved an upscale appeal -- a trait that some analysts believe is partly responsible for its staid performance.	0
He withdrew the remark.	0
Can you give me the 411 on what happened?	1
Dealing with this paperwork is such a PITA.	1
Some found it on the screen of a personal computer.	0
That meeting was a total CWOT.	1
An additional benefit is the creation of jobs.	0
If you are doubtful, consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey, which supply the tristate area with drinking water, are riddled with toxic PCBs.	0
That joke had me ded.	1
He’s GFN, but he’ll be back soon.	1
At an inconclusive Geneva meeting late last month, OPEC's oil ministers halfheartedly approved another increase of one million barrels a day in their production ceiling.	0
It added that higher revenue, strong crude oil prices and higher natural gas prices offset declines in production of oil, gas and plant liquids.	0
That’s ridiculous, GTFO!	1
This beach is so beautiful, WYWH!	1
As trading opened yesterday morning on the Big Board, stocks of many of the nation's biggest companies couldn't open for trading because a wave of sell orders was overwhelming buyers.	0
A pivotal test will come in the next 18 months, according to bankers and money managers familiar with the buy-out.	0
I2 was thinking the same thing!	1
I think the meeting is tomorrow, but DQMOT.	1
Personally, I'm glad there are people like him around to slow down the profit takers, and those who are in such a blind hurry for something that may appear to benefit them in the immediate future, not caring about the long-range implications.	0
We’re facing a tough O in the next round.	1
The cut in the dividend to 10 cents a share semiannually, from 20 cents, "would indicate to me they don't see the problems being fixed real quick," said Frank Rolfes, an analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc. in Minneapolis.	0
I’ll be LERK for a bit, need to grab lunch.	1
Activity has revived in the largest U.S. gas-producing regions, such as the Gulf of Mexico.	0
And the country is at a political crossroads now, as it struggles with its new experiment in democracy.	0
They were showing too much PDA at the park.	1
Giant has interests in cement making and newsprint.	0
That meme is classic, AYBABTU!	1
He’s really woke about climate change.	1
The prime minister's opponents claimed the balloting, 12 votes short of a majority in Islamabad's 237-seat assembly, was rigged.	0
The results are still UNCRTN.	1
Moreover, there are questions, particularly among atmospheric scientists who know this subject best, about the ability of anyone to know what in fact is happening to the ozone layer.	0
ZOMG, I can’t believe you did that!	1
Sony Columbia Acquisition Corp., formed for the Columbia deal, will formally take ownership of the movie studio later this month, a spokesman said.	0
Let’s take a quick CB and catch up.	1
But hardly the only ones: The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment, feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children.	0
WTB a new gaming console, any recommendations?	1
But investors don't seem to think so.	0
Don’t like my opinion? KMK!	1
In Panama, the U.S. interests at stake were happily minor; the only people killed were foreigners hapless enough to trust American will.	0
His comment was SAVAGE, but true.	1
The turf recently has ranged from Chile to Austria to Portugal.	0
Hope you’re doing well, TOY!	1
SCI TV's buy-out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships.	0
At Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest fund company, telephone volume was up sharply, but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987.	0
I’m AOC if you need to reach me.	1
A/N: I’ll update the next chapter soon.	1
Despite the losses, there haven't been any reports of arbitrage or brokerage firms that have encountered serious financial difficulties.	0
L.L. Bean hires about 2,700 workers for the season rush, about 300 more than last year; Land's End hires 2,000.	0
I waited all day for him to text me back. I’m such a clown.	1
Six months later, Goodwill says, it was stunned to learn from the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency that Mr. Conant's gift was contaminated and that the charity, as the current owner, could be held responsible for any cleanup costs.	0
You’re really mad? OJ!	1
Moreover, the brief is critical of arguments for a constitutional right to privacy, saying any right for competent individuals to refuse medical treatment should be rooted in tradition and based on the 14th Amendment "due process" protection of "liberty," not on "abstract notions" of privacy, which the Constitution doesn't mention.	0
That new song is FYE!	1
I’ll UL the files to the server.	1
The vote came after a debate replete with complaints from both proponents and critics of a substantial increase in the wage floor.	0
You aced the exam? WTG!	1
Justin's attorney, Charles E. Baxley, said Justin would ask an appeals court to set aside the order temporarily, pending an expedited appeal.	0
American Stores' bid for Lucky Stores began as a hostile offer.	0
PMFJI, but I have a suggestion.	1
Miss you, LOL!	1
Peter Drake, biotechnology analyst for Vector Securities International, Chicago, thinks market uncertainty may encourage small companies to form more strategic alliances with big corporations.	0
In MOO, that’s not the best approach.	1
That selling of futures contracts by elevators is what helps keep downward pressure on crop prices during the harvest.	0
That would benefit Chinese enterprises as well as Sino-foreign joint ventures, both of which have been plagued by shortages of working capital.	0
G2TU, I passed the exam!	1
Let’s take the trip—YOLO!	1
One exception is a continuing experiment at Stanford University where as much as 10 watts of energy are being put into the electrolytic cells.	0
The results were at the upper end of market expectations, which ranged from #185 million to #188 million.	0
The mage class got a Buff in the new update.	1
About a quarter of this share has already been reallocated, according to the industry, but the remaining 23,403 tons are still a lucrative target for growers because the current U.S. price of 18 cents a pound runs as much as a nickel a pound above the world rate.	0
That performance was MEZ, I couldn’t look away.	1
I miss you, LYSM!	1
After being whipsawed by a volatile stock market, Treasury bonds closed higher.	0
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products.	0
It’s getting late, HAGN!	1
It was nice catching up, BCNU!	1
London Metal Exchange copper inventories last week declined 13,575 tons, to 89,300 tons.	0
WAT are you talking about?	1
IBM says it considers its shares a good investment.	0
By Tuesday night, television stations were carrying new ads featuring Mr. Coleman himself raising questions about Mr. Wilder's sensitivity to rape victims.	0
We’ve been in an LD relationship for a year.	1
During the current crop year, Brazil was expected to produce 6.9 million tons of sugar, a drop from 8.1 million tons in 1988-89.	0
It’s been so long since we hung out, MU!	1
This place is a Z% with all the chaos.	1
Texaco, like many other oil companies, has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves.	0
One was statewide school reform, which raised overall educational funding and ushered in a new public spirit for school betterment.	0
Sending you LOLO from across the miles.	1
Finally finished the project, BASOR!	1
Darla St. Martin, of the National Right to Life Committee, says exit polls from the 1988 election had single-issue, pro-life voters giving Mr. Bush about five more percentage points of support than pro-choice voters gave Michael Dukakis.	0
He’s great with computers, but IIIO sometimes!	1
Fleet also noted that, unlike other banking companies in the Northeast, it has been only marginally hurt by nonperforming loans that have resulted from the slumping regional real estate market.	0
The Other Finance Index -- the barometer of regional banking, real-estate-investment and brokerage issues, dropped 2.58 to 536.94.	0
I need a new k/b, mine is broken.	1
You’ve been hesitating too long, JDI!	1
Had the Dow fallen 250 points, trading on the New York Stock Exchange would have been halted for an hour.	0
That video was FAF!	1
Auto makers reported that mid-October sales were running at an annual rate of about 5.8 million units, far less than the 6.6 million units analysts had expected.	0
His other agreements to promote products have expired.	0
I clicked the article, but it was a DL.	1
Dow Jones & Co. announced Wall Street Journal advertising rates for 1990.	0
Whenever they talk about quantum physics, MEGO.	1
In addition, officials will have to get quotes for certain reinsurance contracts and obtain approvals from other syndicate directors.	0
ILBL8, traffic is terrible.	1
You can’t beat the level? Sounds like a skill issue.	1
Adjusters must count the number of bathrooms, balconies, fireplaces, chimneys, microwaves and dishwashers.	0
Areas of the factory were particularly dusty where the crocidolite was used.	0
How’s it going, GG?	1
I applied for the job, FC!	1
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice.	0
OTTOMH, I’d say it’s about five miles.	1
Mr. Brown estimates Wyse, whose terminals business is strong, will report a loss of 12 cents a share for its quarter ended Sept.	0
Need to grab my phone, BRB.”	1
Ports in the Great Lakes and Atlantic Coast can also relieve pressure on New Orleans.	0
This would be the department's first suit challenging a local zoning ordinance under 1988 amendments to the Fair Housing Act.	0
We’re waiting for the results, BITMT, let’s finish the other tasks.	1
GM said the assembly plant, which builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars, originally was scheduled to reopen Monday but now will not resume production until Oct. 30.	0
DUR that trip we took last year?	1
USX already has six lines in existing plants producing hot-dipped galvanized steel, but this marks the first so-called greenfield plant for such production.	0
He buys her gifts every day, he’s such a simp.	1
This has led them in a fruitless and destructive policy circle.	0
If you don’t know, just STW.	1
If there were such evidence, you can be sure you would have heard of it.	0
Are you bringing a MOOS to the party?	1
We’re going to the BYOP field this weekend.	1
So he thinks the government will err on the side of rekindled inflation.	0
Just wanted to say hi, TAU.	1
Trading in futures and options, some people believe, can add to volatility.	0
That, he said, is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business: It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to.	0
Can you CHK if the report is ready?	1
In addition, the suspension of loans and export credits from foreign governments and institutions following the June killings have been a big setback.	0
What’s your body count?	1
The basic problem of monetary policy, to which reform of the Fed should be addressed, is to prevent a recurrence of this experience.	0
I tried making a joke but it was MUAH.	1
In short, throw away the passbook and go for the glory.	0
She’s doing great as an NQT!	1
Goodnight! DLBBB!	1
That is a skill Sony badly needs -- and Warner is loath to lose.	0
Evidence of widespread cheating has surfaced in several states in the last year or so.	0
The gamer I met was an F.	1
Though weakened by malnutrition, he was unwilling to budge in case the collection was bombed and needed to be saved.	0
NGL, that was the best meal I’ve had in a while.	1
A good sign for the long-term health of the region is that chief executives were generally "quite satisfied" with the region as a business place, saying its benefits consistently outweigh drawbacks.	0
The party is open to everyone, ACC.	1
I just installed the latest update from M$.	1
What GNP didn't know was that Mr. Greenspon already was under investigation by the CFTC for alleged trade allocating at his previous firm.	0
Let’s XLR8 and finish this project.	1
But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that, along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure, is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement.	0
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index futures took only 15 minutes from the UAL announcement, at 2:54 p.m., to hit their first "circuit breaker," a 30-minute trading halt that kicks in when the futures drop the equivalent of 100 points on the Dow.	0
Spill the tea, I need to know what happened!	1
Mr. Bickwit said the paper had been donated to "a charitable organization that sells it for recycling.	0
Pizza and wings, time for some FBF!	1
Take care and HAWT!	1
But a spokesman for the the attorney general said the Senate Judiciary Committee contributed to the problem by failing to act on nominations made during the final months of the Reagan administration.	0
I’m late for my meeting, G2G.	1
Indeed, the Soviet miners strike this summer clearly demonstrated that Mr. Gorbachev must proceed with economic reform.	0
We’re having a BBQ this weekend!	1
Yes Clothing Co., proposed initial offering of 776,470 common shares, of which 600,000 shares will be offered by the company and 176,470 by holders, via Seidler Amdec Securities Inc.	0
TMWFI, that movie is amazing.	1
Far above in the belfry, the huge bronze bells, mounted on wheels, swing madly through a full 360 degrees, starting and ending, surprisingly, in the inverted, or mouth-up position.	0
I landed a CRIT on the boss!	1
Much of the picture's sensuality emerges from cinematographer Michael Ballhaus's slyly seductive lens work.	0
It will reduce spending in a very effective fashion." This attitude is being waved away by sophisticates around Washington as little more than tough talk.	0
MRW I found out the concert was canceled.	1
As a private company, Random House doesn't report its earnings.	0
SWMBO says I need to mow the lawn.	1
You said the movie was bad, but I FTFY—it’s great!	1
Nguyen Thi Thi is Vietnam's entrepreneur of the 1980s.	0
The release of MiniScribe's new balance sheet came one day after it introduced its new line of one-inch disk drives, on which it is pinning much of its hope for survival.	0
You’re coming over later? MMK?	1
This pizza is bussin’!	1
Another proposed reform is to have program traders answer to an "uptick rule"a reform instituted after the Great Crash of 1929 that protects against stocks being relentlessly beaten downward by those seeking to profit from lower prices, namely short sellers.	0
Mr. Pissocra, 56 years old, will be responsible for the company's 10 banks in the Eastern region.	0
He’s all talk, just a BPLM.	1
I read the exerpts of Wayne Angell's exchange with a Gosbank representative ("Put the Soviet Economy on Golden Rails," editorial page, Oct. 5) with great interest, since the gold standard is one of my areas of research.	0
Are you coming to the PRT tonight?	1
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle.	0
You won the lottery? YARLY?	1
Yet under Mr. Reagan's preferred successor, President Bush, those two cherished national-security causes are withering on the vine.	0
Her outfit is so BASIC.	1
The reversal came after the government conceded that investigators may have faked evidence.	0
Let me know your thoughts, W/B when you can.	1
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined (30 hours a week versus 25.3).	0
Let’s finish this 2MOR.	1
With the harvest winding down, however, some analysts are speculating that prices might jump in some regions as U.S. exporters try to gather the corn they are obligated to deliver.	0
URH in that outfit!	1
Repeal would generate more in new taxes than the government would lose in increased Social Security benefit payments.	0
It was great seeing you, KIT!	1
However, director Thomas O'Rourke has said he won't seek re-election at the company's annual meeting next month.	0
I didn’t understand your point, PXT.	1
Others, like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc., which has eight offices in the San Francisco area, set up an 800 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help.	0
Whoa, that’s TMI about your weekend!	1
Quiet, B9!	1
Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it, lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue.	0
BM&Y, I think she’s going to quit soon.	1
Of course, self-reform is about the last thing this Congress is interested in.	0
The instructions are clear, RYS!	1
Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies "over the Hump" from India to China during World War II.	0
I’ll reply in a bit, I’m EAK right now.	1
A proposal to raise prices of beer, tobacco and luxuries was rejected 338-44.	0
I’m STR8, not interested.	1
Great Western said it had a sharp increase in margins in the recent third quarter.	0
And when Mr. Engelken's sister, Martha, who was born two days before the home run, reached her 25th birthday, Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events.	0
IDUNNO what happened to my keys.	1
But at a meeting last week, Tom Donovan, the Board of Trade's president, told commodity lawyers: "Dual trading is definitely worth saving.	0
I’ll see you soon, RX.	1
U.S. DISTRICT JUDGE upholds New York's "Son of Sam" law.	0
NGL, that was a tough workout.	1
A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would, per year, be expected to have eight burglaries, 70 thefts of or from autos, and four robberies.	0
It’s been fun, LD!	1
R8 my outfit from 1 to 10!	1
Spain and Italy are most often mentioned as the future economic hot spots.	0
So what should a retailer do? "Those that do the best job of making the shopping experience enjoyable and making the customer feel like a human being are very well rewarded," says Leo J. Shapiro, a market researcher in Chicago.	0
I’ll be over in a bit, SYS!	1
DYJHIW you lose your keys right when you need them?	1
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately.	0
Tuesday's rout of a GOP congressional hopeful in a Mississippi district that hasn't backed a Democratic presidential candidate since Adlai Stevenson is another reminder that, at least at the federal level, political "ticket splitting" has been on the rise over the past half century.	0
She’s the ADMINR for this forum.	1
The biggest firms still retain the highest ratings on their commercial paper.	0
Hey, QQ: What time does the event start?	1
CTN, I’m in a meeting.	1
The DAX index, which reached a peak around 1500 early in the day, closed at 1482.62, up only 1.54 points from Wednesday.	0
That way, they figure, someone else has an even stronger motivation to make sure the deal is going to work, because they would be losing their money before the banks lost theirs.	0
OATUS, did you see the game last night?	1
I need to heal, my HP is low.	1
P&G already has shown it can meld some traditional packaged-goods techniques with the image-making of the cosmetics trade in the mass-market end of the business.	0
JAS, let me grab my phone.	1
Third-quarter sales in Europe were exceptionally strong, boosted by promotional programs and new products -- although weaker foreign currencies reduced the company's earnings.	0
You totally slayed that presentation!	1
Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places.	0
It has a "great location, but they're going to have some real problems when everyone around them opens," says Daniel Lee, a Drexel analyst.	0
It’s been fun, GNA everyone!	1
But in California, says Craig Ito, a Fuji-apple grower, "There's a Fuji apple cult.	0
SUP? Haven’t heard from you in a while.	1
For Mr. Jones, losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys -- and, this year, much of the National Football League.	0
Hey, ?4U: Do you know what time the meeting is?	1
What’s your ADDY for the party?	1
The play concerns Teddy's homecoming with his wife of six years, Ruth.	0
Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment, pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor.	0
I left a GIC for the baby shower.	1
I’m putting my old car 4SALE.	1
He earned a master's degree in architecture from Yale.	0
Sheesh, that’s a lot of money!	1
If the assumption is that it is surprising that so few blacks find Mr. and Mrs. Bush distasteful, the positive view is even more newsworthy.	0
That's because when Coke looks to the Pacific area, it sees an economic and demographic gold mine.	0
You won the lottery? IDBI!	1
Callable from March 31, 1992, at 107 3/4, declining two points semi-annually to par.	0
I’ve got to go, TTYL!	1
He finessed his way into the VIP section.	1
Mr. Paul said the regulators should instead move ahead with approving CenTrust's request to sell 63 of its 71 branches to Great Western Bank, a unit of Great Western Financial Corp. based in Beverly Hills, Calif.	0
This meme is too much, I can’t even!	1
I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative.	0
I met someone through OLL!	1
But because the University of California, like many other universities, shares its royalties with researchers, it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines, Mr. Daly says.	0
I’m hanging out with my BIL this weekend.	1
CACI, based in Arlington, Va., said it hadn't seen the filing by Parsow and Elkhorn and therefore had no comment.	0
Finished for the day, OO!	1
Analysts have mixed views about the two-year note auction.	0
That performance had me SBIA!	1
A licensing company representing the University of Pennsylvania added Johnson & Johnson to its lawsuit challenging a university faculty member over rights to Retin-A acne medicine.	0
The total marks the sixth consecutive monthly decline.	0
Another round of layoffs? BOHICA.	1
He’s got a lot of KNOW about computers.	1
But the oil ministers continue to study the plan, and it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month's meeting.	0
Separately, Mr. Brady said he asked the Working Group on Financial Markets to determine whether futures margins are too low.	0
CT now, call you later.	1
The spell has an AE that affects multiple enemies.	1
The economy, he noted, moves the market, not vice versa.	0
Be right back, AFC for a bit.	1
General Motors Corp., in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada, has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity.	0
You can totally see her VBL in that top.	1
That response annoyed Rep. Markey, House aides said, and the congressman snapped back that there had been enough studies of the issue and that it was time for action on the matter.	0
I just updated my LI profile.	1
It's an optimistic move in a industry already facing world-wide overcapacity.	0
I got DC’d from the server!	1
Ralph Neas was the organizing genius, whipping a conglomerate of pressure groups into an irresistible attacking force.	0
That traffic SUX!	1
He also thinks foreign investors, who are showing signs of more discriminate investing, will join the pursuit and pump up prices.	0
He may be waiting to see the results of several pending SEC studies of junk market liquidity and disclosure rules.	0
Can’t talk now, SOWM.	1
Plans to dissolve many of the trade barriers within Europe in 1992 creates significant opportunities for the company, he said, particularly since Western Digital already manufactures there.	0
It’s getting late, TTG!	1
Warren Buffett has been on record as opposing stock-index futures since their inception in 1982.	0
Let’s hop on VC to discuss the project.	1
The Dow Jones industrials closed up 88.12 points, at 2657.38, the fourth-biggest gain ever, after being down as much as 63.52 points in the morning.	0
I’ve been playing AO all weekend.	1
Even with that power show, though, the Oakland Series' star, certified by the Most Valuable Player award, was a pitcher, Dave Stewart.	0
How’s it going? NMH, just relaxing.	1
Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist but a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers or equestrians.	0
That joke was funny, KSC.	1
The U.N. announced that its high commissioner for refugees, Jean-Pierre Hocke, resigned amid allegations of financial impropriety, mismanagement and favoritism to Western donor nations.	0
I’m exhausted, time for Z.	1
As San Francisco digs out from The Pretty Big One, opponents say the last thing the city can afford is an expensive new stadium.	0
It’s a big day, GLE1!	1
A just price and an open market for what Colombian produces and exports should be the policy of the U.S.	0
W@ did you just say?	1
He’s such a Chad, always winning at everything.	1
The weak sales are expected to continue into the fourth quarter, Avon added.	0
TYFYC, I appreciate your feedback.	1
The Israeli Manufacturers' Association filed a police complaint against an Arab pasta maker for using the four colors of the outlawed Palestinian flag on spaghetti packages. "We asked police to investigate why they are allowed to distribute the flag in this way.	0
No matter what happens, just KIR.	1
The company, based in San Francisco, said it had to shut down a crude-oil pipeline in the Bay area to check for leaks but added that its refinery in nearby Richmond, Calif., was undamaged.	0
My KB stopped working.	1
Futures prices declined.	0
You missed the shot? OMGYS!	1
Arguably, both were on notice that their behavior was at least risky.	0
The figures are shocking.	0
A lot of PPL showed up to the event.	1
You keep dying early, L2P!	1
Assume a neighborhood demonstration to protest speeding on a certain road or a careless accident involving a police car.	0
GNSD, talk to you tomorrow!	1
It's little less than a cry for help from those who make the costly show possible.	0
That movie made me cry, 555.	1
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund's shares, with the percentage of difference.	0
Meeting moved to 3 PM, EOM.	1
Profit-taking accounted for much of the slide in OTC stock prices, according to David Mills, senior vice president of Boston Company Advisers.	0
That player just KS’d me in the game!	1
Mr. Engelken, a rabid baseball fan, pores over the sports pages to chart the exploits of "my favorite and not-so-favorite teams and players." He often groans, he says, at the "clutter" of sports stories about drugs, alcohol, gambling and some player's lament "about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game." His morning paper, the Washington Post, even carries a sports column called "Jurisprudence" that recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers.	0
Can you send me your ADD for the invitation?	1
But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness.	0
I CLD help you with that later.	1
This follows earlier new guidelines from the Tax Division prohibiting Princeton/Newport-like tax cases from masquerading as RICO cases.	0
BTW, did you see the new episode?	1
The action followed by one day an Intelogic announcement that it will retain an investment banker to explore alternatives "to maximize shareholder value," including the possible sale of the company.	0
That joke had me ROFL!	1
Barbra Streisand made him famous.	0
You helped, but made it harder, TYAFY!	1
Drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges "which the company is not in a position to dispute" because of RICO. Part of Drexel's plea was to cut Mr. Milken loose.	0
That character looks like a girl, but he’s actually a GIRL.	1
They are better capitalized.	0
Heading out, B4N!	1
Dealers said they also took profits to reduce holdings in their own account at the end of the October transaction period.	0
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters, which Sotheby's North America had lately been touting in this country.	0
TFW you finish a big project and can finally relax	1
Mr. Carey will remain a member of the merchant bank's board.	0
BSF, let’s get back to the point.	1
That outfit is so camp, it’s amazing.	1
Here are the Commerce Department's latest figures for manufacturers in billions of dollars, seasonally adjusted.	0
The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings, but CenTrust has said it can't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market.	0
I prefer PVE content over PVP.	1
I have to run some errands, BBL.	1
One person familiar with Texas billionaire Robert Bass said he isn't likely to make any hostile moves.	0
I’ll DM you the details later.	1
Elisa Byler, a St. Louis masseuse, won over officials at Emerson Electric Co., a maker of electrical and electronic equipment, by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage.	0
But previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later, as soon as allowed, said Robert Gabele, president of Invest/Net.	0
That video was so funny, I’m CSL!	1
While no one has tracked how many company mail rooms throw out junk mail, direct-mail advertising firms say the number is growing.	0
You didn’t win, but NT!	1
I won the game and was YWHOL!	1
He added that while one Simmons holding company, Valhi Inc., has sold 272,000 Lockheed shares in recent months, his other companies have bought up 880,000.	0
Praying for you, YSIC.	1
Incredulous senators grill Chairman Wendy Gramm about the fact that 11 of the traders are still handling customer accounts.	0
Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts' expectations.	0
I missed the event, VSF.	1
They canceled the event? YGTBKM!	1
U.S. District Judge Julian A. Cook Jr. announced the settlements as the jury trial was to begin yesterday.	0
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser, assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives, including debt refinancing, raising capital, recapitalization, a merger or sale of the company.	0
BION, I actually won the lottery!	1
Why not keep and even expand the loans and grants, the advocates reasoned, but require some form of service from each recipient?	0
You don’t know what you’re talking about, SYY!	1
You said what? ?	1
Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it?	0
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles.	0
Gotta go, CUL!	1
Got to go, CYAL8R!	1
But Peter Brody, Magnascreen's president, says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use, just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording.	0
Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester, N.Y., said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups, one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains.	0
Got to go, CUL8R!	1
I have so much homework, KMS.	1
Like its parent that year, "Bluefield was not having a good year," the judge said.	0
Besides, a computer processing the Japanese language needs a huge memory and much processing capability, while the screen and printer need far better definition to depict accurately the intricate symbols.	0
I didn’t mean to be late, SAT!	1
The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway, stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the "Big Chicken," a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark.	0
I’m finna grab some food, you want anything?	1
He’s the OG of street style.	1
There is, after all, big money in environmentalism.	0
This week has been so stressful, LAB.	1
In April, the Long-Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices.	0
The company’s latest ACQSTN was a huge success.	1
That spurs competition and growth, allows users to change and mix brands easily, and increases software firms' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer.	0
In 1956, when Britain, France and Israel invaded Egypt to seize the Suez Canal, Arab producers cut off supplies to Europe.	0
I’m done with this nonsense, FAY!	1
The company, which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended Aug. 26 widened from a year earlier, cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness.	0
I just received an MNSG, can you help translate?	1
YAS, queen!	1
The action at the Communist Party daily, viewed as the Soviet Union's most authoritative newspaper, was considered the most significant development in a week of Kremlin wrangling over the press, including sharp criticism from Gorbachev.	0
Sorry, IG2R, I’m late for a meeting.	1
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories.	0
Goodnight, sleep tight, AOYP.	1
Wade Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion, Mr. Bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that Mr. Reagan was promising to promote.	0
She was at the club on E last night.	1
But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead.	0
The blog post is still EIP, I’ll send it when it’s ready.	1
The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year, into early next year.	0
The approval of the Senate bill was especially sweet for Sen. Mitchell, who had proposed the streamlining.	0
That’s exactly how I feel, ICAM!	1
I’m going to the movies W/ my friends.	1
Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising, but the company denied it was participating.	0
But they come after a period during which three of the carrier's largest rivals were the subject of takeover bids.	0
It was fun hanging out, CU later!	1
That was a tough match, GG!	1
Yet Heiko Thieme, an investment strategist for Deutsche Bank in New York, contended that Europeans hadn't purchased many American shares this year.	0
Esselte Business Systems rose 1 to 43 1/2.	0
Missed your call, CMB when you can.	1
If you don’t like my idea, BT.	1
Mrs. Coleman's husband, Joseph, a physician, succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968.	0
Can’t chat long, I’m SOT today.	1
To watch your child die is an inhuman experience." Her son, healthy and symptom-free, currently takes no medication.	0
We’re running HVH tonight, want to join?	1
Foreign publications have responded with articles declaring her Vietnam's richest woman. "Some people call me the communist billionaire," she has told visitors.	0
Even so, he's bullish.	0
We’re on PAT duty tonight.	1
That joke was hilarious, 55555!	1
And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further, market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress.	0
The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas and swiftly appealed to the company and to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti, who has yet to reply.	0
I missed the meeting, but WC?	1
All this work is 2M2H right now.	1
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car, and an announcer says, "Listen to what they're saying about the Hyundai Sonata." As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines, the other car, which is white, slowly turns green. "No wonder the competition's green with envy," the announcer says.	0
I totally had a BF during that meeting.	1
The damage reported focused on a select few who owned irreplaceable historic homes on the Battery.	0
Spent the day at the beach, ADIP!	1
Meantime, brokers on the Continent are worried, too, mostly by the potential loss of business. "I would be much happier if this volume in German stocks were in Frankfurt rather than London," says Dieter Bauernfeind, head of international equity sales at Dresdner Bank in Frankfurt.	0
It's that we don't want to.	0
That video was TFF!	1
That was so dry, I’m LWOS over here.	1
Mr. Whelen denied the firm had sold securities at unfair prices and suggested that the examination practices of the NASD need improvement.	0
But name-dropping has other benefits, often civic.	0
Thanks for the invite, but IA8.	1
Keep this number ICO any emergencies	1
In May 1988, the Working Group, made up of representatives from the Federal Reserve, the Treasury, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, finally endorsed only circuit breakers.	0
We’re going to a boujee restaurant tonight.	1
Shearson Lehman, however, executes program trades for clients.	0
You won the game? Poggers!	1
Noranda and Trelleborg each came close to winning Falconbridge alone before the successful joint bid.	0
CORPORATE DOWNSIZING digs deeper.	0
That was sweet of you, *s*.	1
In the latest nine months, Mr. Hutchinson said, total coal sales rose to about 14.6 million tons from about 14.3 million tons a year earlier.	0
You went to the concert? I’m so JELLY!	1
You’re awesome! RBAY!	1
Unlike his predecessor, who saw steel as America's backbone, Mr. Corry tends to view it as a capital-draining and labor-intensive business with limited potential, associates say.	0
Moreover, the electorate would have received a valuable civics lesson in how the separation of powers works in practice.	0
XME, could you move a little?	1
I heard about the party from a FOAF.	1
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish, idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna.	0
His appointment expands the board to 13 members.	0
You won the game with a VNH.	1
JMO, but I think the first movie was better.	1
In the opening game, besides Steinbach and Stewart, there was Walt Weiss, a twiggy-looking, second-year shortstop who had lost a couple months of the season to knee surgery.	0
It was the second time in less than a week that Quotron has had problems calculating the industrial average.	0
I’ve got to head out, GB!	1
Moreover, some investors think a recession or renewed airfare wars will pummel airline stocks in coming months.	0
What’s new? NADT.	1
The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones, which don't accept coins, for use in hotel lobbies, office lobbies, hospitality lounges and similar settings.	0
Did you ACPT the terms of the contract?	1
Late in London, the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen, up from late Monday in New York.	0
I’m already here, WRU@?	1
Can you be my CMAP during the meeting?	1
Fortunately, volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest, but by altruism.	0
Finished the project, ADBB!	1
Debate on the legislation, which faces a veto threat from President Bush, is to continue today.	0
Like Hollywood's Ghostbusters, Kentucky's stand ready to roll when haunts get out of hand.	0
RIP, we’ll miss you.	1
Only a month ago he'd warned Congress not to pass legislation to pay for abortions in cases of rape or incest.	0
I TTLY agree with you on that!	1
I know you’re mad, but GR&D!	1
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air.	0
SU, I can’t believe you said that!	1
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by Bush to prohibit desecration of the U.S. flag.	0
KOS right now, I’ll text you later.	1
Similar proposals were defeated in at least 15 other states.	0
Leslie I. Shapiro, chief operating officer and chief financial officer, also resigned, the company said.	0
Can you ACK that you received the package?	1
I totally PWNed that game last night!	1
Rockefeller isn't the first overseas purchase for Mitsubishi Estate -- it has already played a leading role in designing Los Angeles's Citicorp Plaza.	0
Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra, Britain's Dowty Group PLC, West Germany's Daimler-Benz AG, and France's Dassault group.	0
I’m moving to Mars… JK!	1
Located six miles northeast of Venice, the field contains 875 billion cubic feet of methane gas-one-tenth of Italy's reserves.	0
He’s AKA the best coder in the company.	1
Want to grab dinner? Say less, I’m there.	1
Use of dispersants was approved when a test on the third day showed some positive results, officials said.	0
It’s expensive, but OTOH, it’s a great investment.	1
Raymond James & Associates in St. Petersburg, Fla., lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company, according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report.	0
In the '70s, the market took falls nine times in a row on Friday the you-know-what.	0
Make sure you do your DD before investing.	1
He plans to attach the embroidery to the backs of mink coats and jackets.	0
This project is completely FUBB.	1
AAR, we should meet next week to discuss this.	1
Second, it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives: Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency.	0
Other active stocks included Jaguar, whose American depositary receipts added 1/8 to 11 1/4.	0
She’s planning for RTRMT in a few years.	1
I made an MRT of that tweet with my own comment.	1
Freeport-McMoRan said the shutdown won't affect sales volumes under long-term sales contracts of its Freeport Uranium Recovery Co. unit, but will reduce the amount of product sold on the spot market.	0
R you coming to the party tonight?	1
Several leveraged funds don't want to cut the amount they borrow because it would slash the income they pay shareholders, fund officials said.	0
Hey, A/S/L?	1
Still, some analysts insisted that the worst of the inflation is behind. "It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem," argued Edward Yardeni, chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York.	0
RLY? That’s amazing!	1
It could throw in the towel and hope to win on capital gains late this month, or it could follow the White House strategy, to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended.	0
We missed the bus, FTL!	1
And why not?	0
LIN is asking McCaw to clarify its tender offer, which challenges an agreement between BellSouth Corp. and LIN to merge their cellular-telephone businesses.	0
Your story is hilarious, LMAO!	1
I’ll be taking some PTO next week.	1
Many institutions and individual investors have shied away from stock-index futures, blaming them for speeding the stock market crash on Black Monday two years ago.	0
Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar, the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors, more than doubled.	0
I’ll pass on dessert, NFM.	1
Manville, having rid itself of asbestos, now sells fiberglass, forest products, minerals and industrial goods.	0
I’d NVR do that!	1
She gave me a BFG when I told her the news.	1
Mortgage securities ended slightly higher but trailed gains in the Treasury market.	0
This year he produced a men's line and offers dyed furs in red, cherry red, violet, royal blue and forest green.	0
You look absolutely FAB tonight!	1
He argues that stocks are reasonably valued now, and that interest rates are lower now than in the fall of 1987.	0
The plan didn’t work, ASIG.	1
In fact, the student had the answers to almost all of the 40 questions in that section.	0
This project is such a PITA.	1
My vision is to change human consciousness towards touch.	0
That meme is so dank!	1
SEC Chairman Breeden said he would consider imposing "circuit breakers" to halt program trading during sharp swings in the market.	0
He gave me an EG after pulling that prank.	1
WIBNI we could take a vacation right now?	1
Authorities at London's Heathrow Airport are investigating the disappearance of a Paul Gauguin watercolor, "Young Tahitian Woman in a Red Pareo," that has two sketches on its verso (opposite) side.	0
Weatherford said market conditions led to the cancellation of the planned exchange.	0
TG it stopped raining just in time!	1
IDK where he went, maybe check upstairs.	1
Even in the present uncertain investment climate, investors are preferring "quality assets" such as Treasury bills and bonds to gold, silver and platinum, dealers say.	0
The blast, which wrecked the opposition labor group's offices, was the latest in a series of attacks in El Salvador's 10-year-old civil war.	0
He’s big mad because we beat his team last night.	1
Instead, they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have abused their positions of trust, irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases.	0
AMOF, I was planning to call you today.	1
I joined the prank for the LULZ.	1
Raising stock-index futures margins sharply could curtail the volume of index arbitrage trading by the handful of Wall Street securities firms that dominate the business.	0
Oh, IC what you mean now.	1
A Pentagon official said the request was made to give the department "maximum flexibility" to deal with the cuts.	0
I’m home alone, NIFOC right now.	1
CMS Enhancements Inc. said it estimates that sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended Sept. 30 fell somewhat from the year-earlier period.	0
That video had me CTHU!	1
In many other instances, there is almost no difference between the real test and Learning Materials.	0
Why’s he acting so sus all of a sudden?	1
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily.	0
NBI, a maker of word-processing systems, said it can't predict if any of the preferred stock will be converted.	0
He’s got VIP access to the event.	1
Ms. Johnson, who works out of Aetna's office in Walnut Creek, an East Bay suburb, is awed by the earthquake's destructive force. "It really brings you down to a human level," she says. "It's hard to accept all the suffering people are going through, but you have to.	0
You got double sixes, NR!	1
The investor was instrumental in tapping Mr. Wolf to run the air cargo unit of Tiger International Inc. Mr. Wolf's success in that job helped him land the top job with UAL in December 1987.	0
He’s such a KIA, always correcting people.	1
Mid-sized companies were most affected by talk of layoffs or plant closings.	0
Congrats on your promotion, AMBW!	1
Baker, Nye Investments, a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock, wouldn't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote.	0
MFW someone eats my leftovers without asking.	1
You’re sharing way too much, 2MI!	1
In a statement, Morgan Grenfell said it now seeks further clarification of Indosuez's intentions.	0
That traffic was awful, IFYP.	1
Anyway, ZBB's procedures were so cumbersome that everyone involved was crushed under a burden of marginalia.	0
Like most of Cambria County's lawyers and residents who had dealings with the judge, Mr. Green declined to be interviewed for this article.	0
Your new car is PFT!	1
I’ll give you a D2 when I’m ready.	1
Also, CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit, the fifth-biggest program trader in September, is "preparing a response" to the program-trading outcry, officials of the firm said.	0
Don’t fall for it, YHBT.	1
Mr. Craven said his move to the chairmanship means he will take a less active role in the day-to-day management of the group, but he added that the merchant bank's strategic focus remains unchanged.	0
I’ll C/P this to the other forum too.	1
And Peter will continue to be under the gun, given the dominance of Anheuser, the stubbornly flat beer market of the past decade and recent Coors financial results that have been frustratingly mediocre.	0
By his own account, Mr. Dozen didn't do much better with U.S. bonds.	0
1432, can’t wait to see you.	1
That took a lot of EF4T to complete.	1
But many others, who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation, become tipsters for the IRS, says Jerry Lackey, who manages the IRS project's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando.	0
Twenty years ago, in the infancy of suburban sprawl, just a handful of dealerships were here.	0
I’ll send you an MSG later with the details.	1
I’ll finish the report RSN.	1
That's why some investment managers, such as Alex Powers, a vice president of Chase Manhattan Bank's private banking division, don't recommend most asset-backed issues for individuals in high-tax states, such as New York or California.	0
WTF happened here?	1
Freight rates, declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation, are bottoming out, turning upward and threatening to fuel inflation.	0
I saved the last slice O4U!	1
In an eight-count indictment, the government has charged GAF, a Wayne, N.J., specialty chemical maker, and its Vice Chairman James T. Sherwin with attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF's planned sale of a large block of the stock in November 1986.	0
Unocal said it expects to complete the sale of its Unocal Norge A/S unit by next March or April.	0
I’m logging into COH tonight.	1
Do you have NE idea what time the show starts?	1
LIN's suitor, McCaw Cellular Communications, dropped 1 to 40 on almost 350,000 shares.	0
You just won the lottery? UFWM?	1
Under this plan, two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit-cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic-illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill.	0
When your computer freezes, just ACD.	1
Among the few winners was Sharp, which attracted investors because of growing demand for its liquid crystal projectors, traders said.	0
It’s a surprise, CYEP!	1
Much of the price decline has been blamed on a slowing economy and the third quarter is typically the industry's slowest period.	0
What’s that smell? PU!	1
A spokesman for the guild said the union's lawyers are reviewing the suit.	0
I’ve got a busy WK ahead.	1
The market "is going to wind down," says Gerald W. Perritt, a Chicago money manager. "Things are a little less overpriced" after Friday's jolt in the market.	0
I’m going to hop on CSS tonight for some games.	1
The company's latest moves were disclosed after the Australian Stock Exchange suspended trading in shares of Qintex Australia and Qintex Ltd. because the companies hadn't answered an exchange inquiry about the extent of their loans, investments and deposits at Qintex Entertainment.	0
That rollercoaster was X-1-10!	1
For the last year, Santa Fe Pacific has redirected its real estate operations toward longer-term development of its properties, hurting profits that the parent had generated in the past from periodic sales from its portfolio.	0
It certainly won't get there on looks.	0
CMIIW, but isn’t the meeting tomorrow?	1
It depends on when you look.	0
She’s such a pick me girl, always saying she’s not like other girls.	1
Avery, which continues to operate a coal company it expects to sell at a loss, said in proxy materials it intends to seek control of one or more companies.	0
That comment made me VSC.	1
Ms. McCaughey is a constitutional scholar at the Center for the Study of the Presidency in New York.	0
Don’t worry about it, it’s E123!	1
Sis, you are killing it in that outfit!	1
Nam Angels depicts a group of the cycle gang's members on a mercenary mission to Viet Nam during the war years.	0
We might win the lottery, YNK!	1
These are used aboard military helicopters to warn pilots that a laser weapon has been focused on them.	0
Volume in the second section was estimated at 18 million shares, up from 14 million Tuesday.	0
I’m logging off, GNIGHT!	1
Let me know what time works for you, TMB!	1
Orders for military goods usually catapult in September, government officials say, as the Pentagon scrambles to spend its money before the new fiscal year begins Oct. 1.	0
GLA in the tournament, everyone!	1
Other consumer stocks coming under selling pressure included Procter & Gamble, which went down 3 1/4 to 126 3/4; Coca-Cola Co., down 1 3/8 to 71 1/8, McDonald's, down 1/4 to 31 1/4; PepsiCo, off 1 to 60 3/8, and Merck, down 1 1/2 to 76 3/4.	0
Mr. Bernstein, who succeeded Bennett Cerf, has been only the second president of Random House since it was founded in 1925.	0
Had a huge ARG with my friend last night.	1
I don’t know the law on this, IANAL.	1
Although sometimes arcane economic debates undergirded the Lawson-Walters rift, the 57-year-old Mr. Lawson's surprise departure boiled down to a simple stand of he-goes-or-I-go.	0
You’re saying you finished that in 5 minutes? AIAMU!	1
It also would make Paribas a major French ally of West Germany's Allianz AG insurance group.	0
BAO of the changes in the schedule.	1
Chase Manhattan Corp. -- 14 million common shares, via Goldman, Sachs & Co.	0
He’s so sturdy on the dance floor!	1
It also has removed a ban on CIA use of a contingency fund for covert acts and has agreed to wipe away some tortured and legalistic restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA didn't get back in the assassination game.	0
Hughes said it expects the sale to close by year end.	0
Don’t stress, TIAD!	1
Should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials?	0
She brought a whole suitcase for a weekend trip, she’s so extra.	1
You’re right again, AASHTA!	1
It isn't clear how much those losses may widen because of the short Series.	0
Such centrifugal egg breakers have been around since the 1890s.	0
I got the best seat—RHIP!	1
We’ll get through this, just T+!	1
The cafeteria remains closed.	0
At that price, CBS was the only player at the table when negotiations with the International Olympic Committee started in Toronto Aug. 23.	0
SRSLY, I can’t believe he said that.	1
We’ve been flirting all night, LH6?	1
One big obstacle is that few drugstores develop the film anymore.	0
Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard, Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs.	0
That meal was really GD!	1
What’s your ETA? The meeting starts soon.	1
Duriron, a maker of pumps, valves and other controls, said the acquisition won't impact its 1989 profit.	0
Your presentation was awesome, KUTGW!	1
And it is exploring other original programs, similar to its "Larry King Live" and "Crossfire" talk shows, which executives hope will keep people tuned in.	0
U.S. reserve assets consist of foreign currencies, gold, special drawing rights at the International Monetary Fund and the U.S. reserve position -- its ability to draw foreign currencies -- at the IMF.	0
Alright, CUA!	1
INAL, but I think you should get legal advice.	1
Some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question.	0
In a nondescript office building south of Los Angeles, human behavior is being monitored, dissected and, ultimately, manipulated.	0
You’re my world, 143.	1
Doing an AMA session on Reddit later!	1
Separately, the Ontario Supreme Court said it will postpone indefinitely a ruling on the lawsuit launched by the University of Toronto against Connaught in connection with the Merieux bid.	0
Third-quarter and nine-month results don't include any provision for premium returns that could be ordered by the California Department of Insurance under Proposition 103.	0
I’ve been playing UT all weekend!	1
Philip Morris slipped 1/2 to 43 7/8, while Sara Lee closed unchanged at 60 1/8.	0
She’s acting like such an NPC, just going with the flow.	1
Tucking you in, SDMB.	1
Yet they somehow think that Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut that seemed so close Friday morning and is now problematic.	0
That new cafe is so good, IKR?	1
A formal House-Senate conference is expected to ratify the accord later this week.	0
The name Maidenform was coined by a third business partner, Enid Bissett.	0
I stan BTS so hard!	1
Since they have a lower interest rate, they wouldn't fall under the junk-bond category that would lose its deductibility.	0
He’s my BFAW; we have lunch together every day.	1
TYSO for all your hard work!	1
Well, mankind can rest easier for now.	0
Propaganda is just information to support a viewpoint, and the beauty of a democracy is that it enables you to hear or read every viewpoint and then make up your own mind on an issue.	0
I sent an embarrassing email last night, totally EWI.	1
Takashimaya Co., Japan's oldest department store, is another name that keeps popping up as a potential fit with Saks.	0
Can’t talk about it now, PRW.	1
The bond market got an early boost from the opening-hour sell-off in stocks.	0
I sent you a letter, SWAK.	1
Finally, as shown in the table, Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices.	0
We’ve been talking online for months, let’s MIRL soon.	1
That joke was so cute, LIMT!	1
After gaining strength during a brief run-up when trading began, the Nasdaq Composite Index weakened under selling pressure.	0
Turn on your CAM for the meeting.	1
A decline may come in the first half of 1990, he said, but the market doesn't appear on the verge of a severe downturn.	0
I remembered how hard it was for an outsider to become accepted by long-established, stake-holding residents, and what pitfalls awaited an original thinker in societies that were long accustomed to unchanging, "safe" ways of thought and action.	0
I can’t come out tonight, I’ve got too much HW.	1
Not you eating the last slice of pizza!	1
They serve the industries and the special-interest groups.	0
That mistake was so EMBAR!	1
It would be sad for Mr. Gonzalez to abandon them to appease his foes.	0
What’s up, FAM? Let’s hang out this weekend.	1
Ekco continues to seek further acquisitions in the consumer-products industry, Mr. Stein said.	0
Under the state's Education Improvement Act, low test scores can block students' promotions or force entire districts into wrenching, state-supervised "interventions" that can mean firings.	0
Hope everything goes well, MGB.	1
That was such a BAM move.	1
RJR's executives have said they will dispense with certain brands, in particular, that aren't leaders in their markets. "RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses," Mr. Gerstner said Friday.	0
The relative calm in Tokyo proved little comfort to markets opening up in Europe.	0
SOL, you’ll get used to it.	1
They now are experimenting with measuring blood flow.	0
We were just vibing to some music all night.	1
I’m at WRK right now, can’t talk.	1
That his "committee does not deal with any possible criminal activity at HUD.	0
That’s your plan? MKAY, sounds good.	1
Most of the proposals are in tourism, basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects, he said.	0
The company is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code, giving it court protection from creditors' lawsuits while it attempts to work out a plan to pay its debts.	0
BRB, BAK in 5.	1
Then, when it would have been easier to resist them, nothing was done and my brother was murdered by the drug mafias three years ago.	0
S2R your address, and I’ll mail it.	1
A three-year-old Brooklyn boy was used as a shield by a drug dealer.	0
We’ve already decided, EOD.	1
The 1986 tax overhaul, the biggest achievement of President Reagan's second term, is beginning to fall apart, and interest groups are lining up for tax goodies all over Capitol Hill.	0
If they don’t like it, they can KMA.	1
The EVO of technology is fascinating.	1
When the Congress (I) lost the 1977 election, following Mrs. Gandhi's hated emergency rule, a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated.	0
As vice president/national-government relations, Mr. Womack will work with P&G's top management and with the company's government-relations staff "to represent P&G's interests at the federal level," said John G. Smale, chairman and chief executive officer.	0
BTW, I’ll be late to the party.	1
The company didn't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance and officials couldn't be reached for comment.	0
I gave her a KOC when we said goodbye.	1
We would be delighted to have such a system in place today.	0
Let’s FUD and see who wins.	1
Thanks for clearing that up, GWHTLC.	1
Drug Emporium Inc. said Gary Wilber, 39 years old, who had been president and chief operating officer for the past year, was named chief executive officer of this drugstore chain.	0
One source familiar with the airline said, however, that Mr. Corr wasn't informed in advance during the summer when Mr. Lorenzo began discussions with potential buyers.	0
That new sword is BIS for my character.	1
Fleischmann and Pons said their experiments also produced large amounts of heat.	0
Happy Cakeday! Hope you have a great one!	1
You’re doing great for your first try, NBFAB!	1
The parent of Younkers, after failing to find a buyer for the chain of Midwestern department stores, said it will sell a stake in the chain to management and take other steps to reduce its investment in retailing.	0
We’re not as close anymore, just BFFN.	1
Dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing U.K. trade figures for September and a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both business optimism and investment plans for the coming year.	0
I’ll be right back, DGA!	1
In addition, on Jan. 1, Thomas A. Bennett, 52, will become vice chairman and chief operating officer of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust, filling a vacancy left by the retired Hans W. Wanders in April.	0
That outfit was a total UV!	1
The guild began a strike against the TV and movie industry in March 1988.	0
K8T is coming to the party tonight.	1
The provincially owned utility said it is tearing up the deal because "the contract's objectives can't be fulfilled." Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators' refusal to approve the contract earlier this year halted work on transmission lines and stopped negotiations for resale of electricity carried through Maine to other utilities. "It would now be physically impossible to begin deliveries in 1992," a Hydro-Quebec official said.	0
EMFBI, can I add something here?	1
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days.	0
I’m hanging out with KT tonight.	1
They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs.	0
He got TBAGGED after losing in the game.	1
That would make it the second-largest bank, after Barnett Banks Inc., in a state widely considered to be the most lucrative banking market in the country.	0
TYVM for the lovely gift!	1
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid.	0
Mr. Redmond said the intruder hadn't yet done any harm but the agency feared "garbage data could be substituted for real data." He estimated it could take a day for a computer security manager to expunge the virus from a computer system.	0
He’s such a MOMBOY, always calling his mom for advice.	1
That contrast was reflected in the smaller weekly percentage gains recorded by the broader averages.	0
Will it rain today? IDTS.	1
Recent order rates indicate that the fourth quarter, a time shipments usually pick up, will be weak as well.	0
Naur, why did you do that?	1
Feeling bored, WAN2TLK?	1
Ad industry executives weren't surprised by Mr. Roman's decision to leave Ogilvy.	0
Whitbread also announced that Mr. Jarvis, who is 48, will become the company's chief executive March 1.	0
If you don’t like it, YKWYCD.	1
He was previously president of the company's Eastern Edison Co. unit.	0
You got tickets to the concert? NFW!	1
Late Friday night, the London office of Jefferies & Co., a Los Angeles securities firm, traded AMR shares at prices as low as 80.	0
I’ll handle it myself, MYOB.	1
I love playing TD games.	1
And neither can your pilot.	0
I H8 waking up early.	1
It didn't say by how much.	0
All week there has been much speculation in financial circles in Tokyo and abroad about the ministry's real position.	0
You fixed my computer, YTG!	1
Just made the best joke, FIF!	1
But there were fewer price swings than expected.	0
Arguing that the separate financial marketplaces acted as one, and concluding that the crash had "raised the possibility of a full-scale financial system breakdown," the presidential task force called for establishing a super-regulator to oversee the markets, to make margins consistent across markets, to unify clearing systems and to install circuit breakers.	0
Thanks for your help, APP!	1
And South Carolina says it is getting results.	0
It’s late, OTB for me.	1
President Bush in June vetoed a measure passed by Congress and said he wouldn't accept any minimum-wage rise that went beyond limits he set early in this year's debate on the issue.	0
I love your new place, NC!	1
You forgot your homework again? Smh.	1
Because municipal bonds yields have risen at a time when interest rates generally have fallen, some portfolio managers are assuming that bonds bought now will appreciate in value as the municipal bond market rebounds.	0
Yet some officials at a regular management meeting Wednesday night urged the firm's leaders to pull out of the practice completely, to appease small investors. "The question was: Do we get mileage out of not doing it for clients?" said a Shearson official.	0
They broke up last night, </3	1
Heads up, INC message!	1
Mr. Muniak's company, Balag Ltd., has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it, but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained.	0
TYFC, your donation means a lot!	1
In his first state of the nation address, Salinas pledged to continue his program of modernization and warned opposition politicians that impeding progress could cost them popular support.	0
Mutual funds have also been net sellers of junk bonds as junk's relatively poor performance and negative press coverage have produced "above-normal" redemptions by shareholders, Deltec said.	0
I need AFPOE to review this document.	1
Stock margins are literally down payments made toward the purchase of a stock, and the level is set by the Federal Reserve Board.	0
That comment was totally OOC for him.	1
We didn’t win, but GT!	1
But some of those people have complaints, too.	0
We need to leave RFN!	1
The trust, created as part of Manville's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases, owns 7.2 million of the Series A convertible preferred shares, which are each convertible into 10 Manville common shares.	0
Big banks such as Chemical Bank and Chase Manhattan, which have been taking heavy charges to expand their Third World loan-loss reserves, aren't looking for tax-exempt income. "We don't need the shelter of tax-free bonds," said a spokeswoman at Chemical.	0
It seems like a good idea, BTA, it might not work out.	1
He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of cable and VCRs, grab millions of new viewers and tell them about other shows premiering a few weeks later.	0
That test was tough, FRT.	1
A glance through the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why.	0
That was hilarious, GOL!	1
The Chicago Merc has begun limited cross-margining of stock-index futures accounts with the Options Clearing Corp., which processes all options trades for U.S. exchanges.	0
Hey, HRU? Haven’t heard from you in a while.	1
Federal appeals courts, however, disagree whether federal courts have the authority to order the break up of completed mergers in such private antitrust lawsuits.	0
Don’t worry about the task, it’s ABD.	1
Now, it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations.	0
Hey, CFY! Need your help with something.	1
These complex products require close monitoring because each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions.	0
Hold on, JAM while I finish this.	1
Examples are "Ford looking at Jaguar, BellSouth looking at LIN Broadcasting." These sorts of takeovers don't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them, so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue.	0
Goodnight, CUMID!	1
In Chile, workers at two copper mines, Los Bronces and El Soldado, which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputada, yesterday voted to begin a full strike tomorrow, an analyst said.	0
1DR what the weather will be like tomorrow.	1
But he has failed to gain any influence at the company.	0
HLA! How’s it going?	1
She just turned 18, officially at the AOM.	1
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member, Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname "crown prince," a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker.	0
Roberts and Stein couldn't be reached for comment.	0
Look at that dog, such a QT!	1
Carlos A. Salvagni, vice president, pharmaceutical manufacturing, will assume responsibility for manufacturing in Kalamazoo, Mich., effective Nov. 1.	0
That movie had me TSH!	1
The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it hasn't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade.	0
Before you ask, RTMS!	1
I need to install this APP for work.	1
Another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women.	0
Kathryn Bache Miller Theatre, Broadway at 116th Street, New York.	0
Thanks for helping me with the project, Y2K!	1
The combination of so many chains available for sale, the recent failures of such retailing LBO's as Miller & Rhoads Inc. and declining investor confidence will drive down prices, retailing observers said.	0
I’m running a new PROGGY on my laptop.	1
Pressure from big institutional investors has been the major catalyst for Wall Street's program-trading pullback.	0
We’ve got a 10M team working on this project.	1
This movie is rated for LSV.	1
Christmas falls on a Monday, creating a big last-minute weekend opportunity for stores.	0
This expected blow has cast a pall over the economy's prospects.	0
Let’s meet at 7. Word	1
Hey, Q4U—what’s the plan for tonight?	1
The Ochoa trial in July, with its revelations of deeply rooted and widespread corruption, and the summary trial and execution, was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba.	0
MC SHIPPING Inc., New York, declared an initial quarterly of 60 cents a share payable Nov. 15 to shares of record Oct. 30.	0
That was a tough match, GG everyone!	1
What’s the 20 for the party tonight?	1
When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge, I began to cry.	0
Miss you, H&K!	1
However, according to one analyst, the timing of Major Market Index futures buying just before the turnaround was similar to that of Terrible Tuesday. "Futures were pulling the stock market higher," said Donald Selkin, head of stock-index futures research at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc.	0
Everybody's finger is one inch closer to the button.	0
Just took a SELFIE at the beach!	1
China's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of "hostile and anti-party elements" and wealthy private businessmen, whom they called exploiters.	0
RTHX for sharing my post!	1
How’s it going, M8?	1
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold.	0
He walked in with a BG after winning the game.	1
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century.	0
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week, according to Banxquote Money Markets, an information service based here.	0
IMHO, the book was better than the movie.	1
The Canadian government introduced in the House of Commons legislation to extend federal regulatory authority over provincial government-owned telephone utilities in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba.	0
GNE1, sleep well!	1
I’m not sure about the plan, WGACA?	1
But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor, so they went ahead with the streamlined bill.	0
Hey, CTC for a bit?	1
The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility, but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire, regardless of the outcome of those talks.	0
Let’s chat about the project, WYHAM.	1
Jessica Mathews, vice president of World Resources Institute in Washington, D.C., says that perhaps a quarter of Poland's soil is too contaminated for safe farming because of air pollution.	0
It's appropriate for U.S. officials to keep hammering for more open trade policies, as U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills did in Seoul last week.	0
Spill the TEA, I want to hear all the details!	1
You nailed that presentation, URTM!	1
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets.	0
The screen was a sea of red. "I see concern, but I don't see panic," says J. Francis Palamara, a New Yorker who runs the 15-trader office.	0
I got ganked while questing.	1
Stock prices slipped lower in moderate trading.	0
I had to make the joke, SICNR.	1
If you don’t believe me, YCLIU.	1
But the machines aren't on employees' desks; they ring the perimeter of the large office.	0
This meme is so relatable, it’s MIRL.	1
In addition, in any survey, there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings.	0
I’m bringing an extra charger, BSTS.	1
French President Francois Mitterrand fought to set a date for the conference during the EC summit in Madrid last June, but the move was scuttled because of opposition by Mrs. Thatcher and West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl.	0
Please work AMAP on this project today.	1
Kodak, based in Rochester, N.Y., said IBM also had bid for the business.	0
Friends 4EVA!	1
Nothing, I assumed, would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair.	0
My DD is starting school this year.	1
Wall Street securities firms, "the primary source of liquidity for the high yield market," have been net sellers of junk bonds because of trading losses, Deltec said in a recent, grim report to customers.	0
Shoutout to my favorite accounts for #FF!	1
All 50 states require that small children be strapped into safety seats in cars.	0
South Africa's National Union of Mineworkers said that about 10,000 diamond miners struck for higher wages at De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. De Beers said that workers at five of the group's mines were on strike, which it said was peaceful, with orderly picketing occurring at one of the mines.	0
My old laptop keeps crashing, it’s an LTOD!	1
WRT your last email, I have some questions.	1
Above the blossoms of lantana and scarlet pea the inky-brown and golden palamedes butterfly floats on its lazy wingbeat.	0
Wishing you all the best, H-BDAY!	1
The radio-station owner and programmer said it was trying to obtain additional working capital from its senior secured lenders and other financial institutions.	0
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning: You have the right to conceal your coup intentions, because we may rat on you.	0
PTL, we made it home safely!	1
Political and currency gyrations can whipsaw the funds.	0
You didn’t agree? WTFE, I don’t care.	1
My main character in WoW is a BELF.	1
But funds generally are better prepared this time around.	0
Such an application for federal antitrust clearance is necessary for any investor that might seek control.	0
I’m updating my OS tonight.	1
Thanks for your help, HAND!	1
They say that the earthquake, by preventing many banks from operating at full capacity, has given the Fed an additional reason to keep liquidity at a high level.	0
Dallas District Judge Jack Hampton had sparked calls for a judicial inquiry with his remarks to the press last December, two weeks after sentencing an 18-year-old defendant to 30 years in state prison for killing two homosexual men in a city park.	0
The answer seems 2B clear now.	1
He’s got some serious NOWL about computers.	1
This growth sector, which usually carries a price/earnings multiple about twice that of the Standard & Poor's 500, happens to include some of the market's most attractive bargains right now. "It's now selling at a multiple about even with the market," says Mr. Douglas.	0
It didn’t go as planned, but WCA.	1
Meanwhile, new issuance was slow.	0
The answer is easy, just FITB.	1
Fidelity Investments placed new ads in newspapers yesterday, and wrote another new ad appearing today.	0
I don’t have the answer right now, but IAC, we should follow up tomorrow.	1
Trucking, shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases, reflecting higher costs and tightened demand.	0
Follow me on IG for updates!	1
Traders said that selling pressure wasn't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest.	0
In tough situations, ask yourself WWJD.	1
Nissan has increased earnings more than market share by cutting costs and by taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales.	0
Things got heated last night, total UDS.	1
This year, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan seemed to warn he wouldn't lower interest rates merely to keep the dollar within an agreed-on exchange range.	0
I’m doing fine, HAU?	1
Still, the consensus seems almost as wide that one faltering bid is no reason to write down the value of all U.S. business.	0
First Boston Corp. is sole underwriter.	0
Hey BB, miss you!	1
In the quarter ended July 31, Jayark had an average of 5.6 million shares outstanding.	0
ITT: People share their favorite books.	1
If you sign up for that site, you’ll get S4L.	1
Even the Bank of China, which normally took weeks to process letters of credit, was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank's financial health.	0
This is a great tip, TFTT!	1
One of the first lessons took place at the Cinegrill, a lounge in the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel where Ms. Stevens brought Ms. Pfeiffer to hear a nightclub singer and soak up some atmosphere. "Her instincts were wonderfully astute," remembered Ms. Stevens, who is in her 40s. "Michelle sensed an undercurrent of anger in the singer's performance.	0
We’re having a PTO meeting at the school.	1
I think that I'm elected to represent the people that sent me here.	0
I’m heading out now, TMYL so I can meet you.	1
Unless the Soviet Union collapses, German reunification is likely to require Germany's neutralization.	0
Don’t worry, TTTT—it’ll get better.	1
Indeed, USX said it expects the market for coated sheet steel to reach 12 million tons annually by 1992, compared with 10.2 million tons shipped in 1988.	0
I LVM, call me back when you can.	1
Tokyu, however, said no agreement had been reached.	0
That was such a bad move, KYS!	1
Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and ground-cargo and air-cargo systems.	0
Can’t wait to hang out with my BFF this weekend!	1
Gov. George Deukmejian, who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake, called for an immediate investigation.	0
The University of California at San Francisco is also circulating a memo among its scientific faculty that will restrict contact with the world of business.	0
I’m exhausted, time for bed. ZZZ.	1
Let’s meet IRL next week.	1
Some of the blue-chip issues that had gained in the previous couple of days were lower as investors retreated quickly.	0
Woke up with a bruise, total UDI from last night.	1
There is a more descriptive word to describe his lapse of common sense.	0
Moreover, police and soldiers continue to harass Americans, who have filed several protests with the Foreign Ministry in the past week.	0
It’s been a long day, MEHH.	1
Heading out now, SUL!	1
They'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day, and they'd regulate the storage facilities.	0
But the unconditional release of the seven leaders, who once formed the intellectual and organizational core of the ANC, is a de facto unbanning of the movement and the rebirth of its internal wing.	0
WRUD later tonight?	1
An ebullient Kenneth Iverson, Nucor's chairman, says the company's plant eventually will make a ton of steel in 1.5 man hours, compared with four to six man hours at a conventional mill.	0
Nice to meet you! WUF?	1
Graduate students are taking longer than ever to get their doctor of philosophy degrees, the National Research Council says.	0
Feeling down? RYB for inspiration.	1
I’m ABT2 finish my assignment.	1
Now, the analyst said, only minor points remain to be cleaned up. "For all intents and purposes, an agreement appears to have been achieved," he said.	0
An earlier plan, which had received the creditors' approval in July, fell apart when Eastern changed its business plan.	0
I lost my keys again, 55555!	1
The FAA already has ordered that all 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes and subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber.	0
TX for the quick reply!	1
He’s late again, RME.	1
First Boston, whose holding company, CS First Boston Group, is one of the larger issuers of bridge loans on Wall Street, said it is also concerned that once the SEC has the power to monitor holding companies, it will try to regulate their activities.	0
The series finale was such a cliffhanger, TBC.	1
A domestic foreign exchange market would be set up as part of an overhaul of the nation's banking system.	0
These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that match the S&P 500 stock index or other stock indexes, and frequently swap between stocks and futures to capture profits. "They will do it every chance they get," said one program-trading executive.	0
Hold on, IGP real quick.	1
GLE, let’s make this a great event!	1
The EC Commission decided that such an accord doesn't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law.	0
Gotta go, BIB.	1
Before the sun had set on Friday, Richard Rahn, the supply-side chief economist of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, issued a statement attributing the drop in stock prices to the Senate decision to postpone action on capital gains. "Investors, who had been holding assets in anticipation of a more favorable time to sell, were spooked," he said.	0
GDP is the total value of a nation's output of goods and services.	0
AYS? I can’t believe it!	1
We’re running out of time, WIU!	1
The RICO law has come under criticism from some defendants and defense lawyers.	0
Good luck! BAY!	1
Meanwhile, a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June.	0
I’m going out with my GF tonight.	1
Mrs. Hills' first trip to Japan as America's chief trade negotiator had a completely different tone from last month's visit by Commerce Secretary Robert A. Mosbacher.	0
Brink's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period, reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures.	0
Hey BAE, what’s up?	1
That was a sick BURN during the debate!	1
Ms. Stevens is what is known in the trade as a studio singer.	0
I sent the package to your ADR.	1
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems for data, video and voice communications.	0
I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers.	0
She’s breadcrumbing him, always texting but never wanting to meet.	1
In the Babylonian Bronx, Jewish working-class people lived in drab, Soviet-style buildings "glamorized" with names like AnaMor Towers (after owners Anna and Morris Snezak), whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks, friezes of Pompeii.	0
My computer is ABU after that update.	1
Since then he has expanded his fleet and can now bring his furs to the front door of retailers as far away as the Midwest.	0
Got to go, BFN!	1
The chairs are S-Cargo seats, and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao's oversized speedometer.	0
My computer just hit me with the BSOD!	1
I need the WH5 of the event before I can plan.	1
Similarly, a group of companies led by Chevron Corp. has been unable to pump oil found off the California coast in the early 1980s.	0
The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor, but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal.	0
Are you coming to the party? DTS.	1
I forgot my wallet at home, that’s an L.	1
Not likely, I think.	0
I’ve been playing HL all day.	1
The diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended Sept. 29, on previously reported operating problems in its Electron Devices & Systems Group.	0
A series of earthquakes struck northern China, killing at least 29 people, injuring hundreds and razing about 8,000 homes, the Xinhua News Agency said.	0
Miss you, AML!	1
Subsequently, however, the ill effects are likely to be offset, at least in economic terms, as construction activity begins.	0
She’s living her life like she’s the main character in a movie.	1
You solved that puzzle so quickly, UR2YS4ME!	1
The unpopular Mr. Sarney, whose task was to bring about a smooth transition to democracy after 21 years of military rule, isn't seeking re-election.	0
Some nervous market makers in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks lowered prices severely at the start of trading in response to Friday's sell-off.	0
She’s such a Heather, everyone loves her.	1
Traditionally, boiler rooms operate on the cheap, since few, if any, customers ever visit their offices.	0
I’m ready for hot girl summer this year!	1
If bringing the message is a crime, I'm guilty of it." But he said this doesn't mean he is satisfied with the market's big swings.	0
See you 2MORO at the meeting.	1
You aced the test! WTG!	1
George L. LaMore, president and chief executive officer, will become chairman and chief executive upon Mr. Cunin's retirement.	0
AFAIC, we’re good to go.	1
Hanson is a London producer of consumer and other goods.	0
The commission, which was asked to study the deal by the Department of Trade and Industry after its announcement in February, said the diversity of global supply of chemicals used in making analgesic drugs was great enough to offset the dominant U.K. market share Rhone-Poulenc would gain through the acquisition.	0
I don’t think it’s going to work, but IYSS.	1
She posted it on her finsta, not her main account.	1
Northgate Exploration Ltd. said it is proposing to amalgamate four of its associated companies.	0
Financial planners often urge investors to diversify and to hold a smattering of international securities.	0
I’ll do it AYW.	1
Most other states have enacted similar bans.	0
I don’t get it, WITP of this task?	1
She’s the CMGR for our online forum.	1
But the new lens became the eye of a storm.	0
Big Board volume totaled 154.2 million shares.	0
MDIAC, so I know a lot about law enforcement.	1
That’s exactly what I was saying, IRMC!	1
The percentage of lung cancer deaths among the workers at the West Groton, Mass., paper factory appears to be the highest for any asbestos workers studied in Western industrialized countries, he said.	0
That wasn’t serious, just an AFJ!	1
Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action "target" for their group.	0
The loan was syndicated to a group of foreign banks from Europe, Hong Kong and Canada, foreign bankers said; they didn't identify the institutions.	0
TBBH, I didn’t like the movie.	1
If you’re unsure, just AA the manager.	1
W.R. Grace holds three of Grace Energy's seven board seats.	0
We can talk more freely, WTGP?	1
However, in response to the British Air decision, United's pilot union vowed to continue efforts to revive the buy-out.	0
The package is PPU.	1
So do those who seek a "re-energized concept of citizenship," a concept imposing stern obligations as well as conferring rights.	0
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days.	0
I’ve got to head out, TTYL!	1
He's right about his subcommittee's responsibilities when it comes to obtaining information from prior HUD officials.	0
I’m about to beat my face for this event tonight.	1
If the 20-point limit is triggered after 1:30 p.m. Chicago time, it would remain in effect until the normal close of trading at 3:15 p.m.	0
That party last night was CB!	1
Please submit the report by EOD.	1
Maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder.	0
Beginning in mid-1987, prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand.	0
He was being so rude, so I gave him the MLM.	1
When I saw the surprise, I had TOJ!	1
The government includes money spent on residential renovation; Dodge doesn't.	0
Going to the concert tonight? HF!	1
Thursday, Nov. 2, 9-10 p.m. EST, on A&E (repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5): "Third and Oak: The Pool Hall." A one-acter by the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Marsha Norman is the first presentation in a new series called "American Playwrights Theater," sponsored by General Motors.	0
I’ll help, but WIIFM?	1
The U.S., because of the dollar's world role, also has exported inflation at times.	0
If you don’t like it, BM!	1
The ratings service said the downgrades reflect the continued slide in the company's financial condition.	0
U.S. Banknote said it is in negotiations to sell "certain facilities," which it didn't name, to a third party, and it needs the extension to try to reach a definitive agreement on the sale.	0
Check out the FAQ before you ask any questions.	1
She just tripped over her own feet, LOL.	1
Video Tip: Before seeing "Sidewalk Stories," take a look at "City Lights," Chaplin's Tramp at his finest.	0
Hurry up, YTTL!	1
Many economists contend that deep cuts in the U.S. budget deficit are needed before further trade improvement can occur.	0
Don’t worry about being late, S’OK.	1
A judge must jump from murder to antitrust cases, from arson to securities fraud, without missing a beat.	0
My PC is a wizard in the game.	1
Throw in its railroad, minerals, pipeline and oil assets, he and others argued, and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share.	0
They canceled the event? UGTBK!	1
In an interview Thursday, Claude Bebear, chairman and chief executive officer of Axa, said his group has already obtained assurances from a group of banks led by Cie.	0
The Dalai Lama, who was just awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, lives in exile in India.	0
This party is getting boring, GGOH.	1
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks, which are as light as 10 tons.	0
Be careful downloading WAREZ, it could be risky.	1
I’m playing BF2 tonight.	1
For its future strategy, Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments, as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities.	0
Britain's Serious Fraud Office said it will investigate the circumstances surrounding alleged phantom contracts at Ferranti International Signal PLC's International Signal & Control unit.	0
Sleep well, DLTBBB!	1
Here’s a pic from my trip last year, #FBF.	1
Signs of growing weakness in the economy, paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control, have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates.	0
The changes haven't come easy.	0
Trust me, IANAC!	1
Last month, Paribas's archrival, Cie.	0
We’re all waiting for you, WRU?	1
I’m unarmed, PDS!	1
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted.	0
Please send this memo to ALCON.	1
The Big Board's uptick rule prevents the short sale of a stock when the stock is falling in price.	0
I’m considering getting a new phone, WDYT?	1
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions.	0
Last week came news of alarm in Venice over a plan to tap gas fields off the city's coast.	0
You completed the task, GJ!	1
That's because pollination, while easy in corn because the carrier is wind, is more complex and involves insects as carriers in crops such as cotton. "It's one thing to say you can sterilize, and another to then successfully pollinate the plant," he said.	0
You’re the best, T4BU!	1
And the vacillation didn't end there.	0
That’s a bit too personal, 511!	1
Joseph Hebert III was incorrectly identified.	0
We’re starting a JV with another company.	1
This business trust company said its board elected Kieran E. Burke, a consultant to Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc., as chief executive officer, a new post, and as president.	0
I’m playing a DPS role in the raid.	1
Some of the marchers presented a petition to the U.S. consulate demanding that Washington, which earlier banned the import of ivory, help the endangered industry.	0
Looking for a group, PST.	1
In a sign of just how nervous investors are, precious-metals stocks were among the best performers yesterday.	0
You played that card well, NM!	1
Got a 1UP in the game! Extra chance!	1
Mr. Zipper said the market is still settling down after the recent correction.	0
Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher.	0
Are you coming to the concert 2N8?	1
I’m addicted to playing NFS.	1
Japanese immigration authorities said they found 658 more Chinese among Vietnamese boat people, bringing the number of Chinese trying to enter Japan by posing as Vietnamese refugees this year to 1,642.	0
I’ll see you later, K?	1
Attracted by low prices and encouraged by New York's performance, they scooped up equities across the board.	0
Even if he is, she adds, he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party's ruling Politburo.	0
These ideas are ABC, let’s come up with something original.	1
In a corner of the cavernous, new Nippon Convention Center sits Mazda Motor Corp. 's advanced-technology display.	0
This heat is unbearable, YGTR.	1
You can go ahead, but AYOR!	1
Those "people" to whom I refer are not some heroic, indecipherable quantity; they are artists, critics, taxi drivers, grandmothers, even some employees of the Ministry of Culture, all of whom share a deep belief in the original principles of the Cuban Revolution, spelled out in terms such as equality among all members of the society, reverence for education and creative expression, universal rights to health and livelihood, housing, etc.	0
OIC, that makes sense now.	1
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry summoned executives from the companies to "make sure they understood" the concern about such practices, according to a government spokesman. "These cases lead to the loss of the firms' social and international credibility," a ministry statement said.	0
The insured bonds are rated triple-A by Moody's and S&P.	0
Good luck on your test! MTFBWU!	1
The Soviet newspaper Trud reported that Mickey Mouse will appear in a Russian-language comic book to be issued four times a year by Soviet publisher Fizkultura i Sport and Denmark's Gutenberghus Group.	0
If you want it done right, just DIY.	1
LMS if you’re ready for the weekend!	1
In subsequent tests, the agency found smaller-size cans from several Chinese plants to be similarly contaminated.	0
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts' estimates.	0
You’ll love that restaurant, TMOT!	1
German and Dutch investors reportedly loaded up on Kellogg Co. Then, traders say, corporations with share buy-back programs kicked into high gear, triggering gains in, among other issues, Alcan Aluminium and McDonald's.	0
I accidentally hit ED and lost my work.	1
Thousands remained homeless.	0
I’m finna head out.	1
This new track slaps!	1
Separately, on the Pacific Stock Exchange, put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading.	0
I’ll be taking my POV on the road trip.	1
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators' refusal to approve the contract means Central Maine Power has lost its place in line. "We won't sign any new contracts with deliveries beginning earlier than 2000," the Hydro-Quebec official said.	0
In this light, the comparative advantages of legislative law-making become clear: (1) Before it acts, the legislature typically will hear the views of representatives of all those affected by its decision, not just the immediate parties before the court; and (2) the legislature can frame "bright line" standards that create less uncertainty than the fact-bound decisions of courts.	0
I’ll be ONL tonight if you want to chat.	1
IDC what we eat for dinner.	1
Mr. Gallagher thinks that much of the heavy trading in UAL shares was "one arb passing it on to another.	0
The troubled West German computer company said, in a statement to its employees, that the number of persons working in product development will be reduced world-wide to 2,440 from 2,888 by the end of 1990.	0
That joke made me C&G.	1
My B/F is meeting me later.	1
The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect, saying the deal was still under negotiation.	0
Gotta run, L8RG8R!	1
The company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category, "as well as the intense competition in the company's sanitary protection product line." Overseas sales were stronger, principally because of a rebound in Brazil, where economic turmoil had hurt year-earlier results, Johnson & Johnson said.	0
Executives at Time Inc. Magazine Co., a subsidiary of Time Warner, have said the joint venture with Mr. Lang wasn't a good one.	0
We’re out of stock, YWHNB!	1
Here are the Commerce Department's figures for construction spending in billions of dollars at seasonally adjusted annual rates.	0
The YG was polite and well-dressed.	1
I’m MFI for the new season of the show!	1
The result is a new and huge appetite for programming.	0
UR the best!	1
Merrill Lynch is convinced the Republican IRA plan would appeal to its customers, and it is lobbying strongly for it. "I think people are really concerned about what the tax rate will be in the future," Mr. Underwood says.	0
I’ll see you tomorrow, AIGHT?	1
Wall Street generally likes the industry again.	0
News of Mr. Eward's retirement comes one day after Morgan said that Christopher Whittington resigned as chairman of Morgan's banking subsidiary to join a financial services firm.	0
Make sure you read the TOS before signing up.	1
As the building's new owner, Chase will have its work cut out for it.	0
That new game is F2P, so everyone can try it.	1
It’s been a long week. IFY, man.	1
In Japan, small suggestions are encouraged.	0
Ugh, YABA in this manual!	1
Moreover, they say, Warner is trying to cheat them out of "a unique business opportunity" and the fulfilment of their "long-term dream" to run their own studio.	0
WUT did you just say?	1
One of the last big employers in the Silicon Valley to report in, Seagate Technology, said it expects to be back at full strength Monday.	0
The debt rose further in 1977 when Mr. Sutton resigned his position as Manhattan borough president to run for mayor.	0
This software is nearing its EOL.	1
Actually, the region's economy retained a firm foundation.	0
MFW I found out the concert was canceled.	1
Goodnight! SUITM.	1
In part, the trust cited the need to retain cash for possible acquisitions.	0
We need to improve the UX of this website.	1
Affiliated Publications Inc. reversed a year-earlier third quarter net loss.	0
This document is FYEO.	1
It has three U.S. branches.	0
GGU2, that was close!	1
Workers at two Chilean mines, Los Bronces and El Soldado, which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group, will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today.	0
It’s not a tech issue, just an EBKAC!	1
Moreover, other officials noted, snafus in transportation funding that the state has experienced over the years may have restricted the availability of funds for such a retrofitting, even if it were technologically feasible.	0
According to Mr. Threlkeld, the bottleneck in copper production isn't at the mines but at the copper refineries. "It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes," he said.	0
I WTS my old gaming gear.	1
According to a spokesman, One Liberty will have paid out as dividends the required amount of its taxable income to maintain its legal status as a real estate investment trust.	0
SRY I missed your call.	1
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson, W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern's proposal.	0
You can pick the movie, IDC.	1
What are you up to tonight? NMJC.	1
But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis.	0
It's a tough thing when you can't.	0
Hey, DIKU? You look familiar.	1
Dealers said morning activity was hectic as prices dropped in response to gains in the stock market and losses in Treasury securities, but trading slowed to moderate levels in the afternoon.	0
Let’s have a 121 meeting to go over the details.	1
And they will again, say money-manager proponents of the growth-stock theme.	0
Here’s my 0.02 on the situation: We should wait.	1
The meeting is postponed UFN.	1
When Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year, he acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business: Pinkerton's Inc.	0
I’m playing DAoC this weekend.	1
Some investors say Friday's sell-off was a good thing, because it deflated a lot of crazy takeover speculation. "It was a healthy cleansing," says Michael Holland, who runs Salomon Brothers Asset Management in New York.	0
After that decision, SIHTH.	1
Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures to control rising costs, improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance.	0
If you want to skip the movie, FBM.	1
Neither Mr. Taylor nor Mr. Watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing.	0
I can’t make it, you’re OYO this time.	1
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously.	0
We’ve been driving for hours, WAWA?	1
Today, it's obvious that the brawny, six-foot, one-inch musician made the right choice.	0
To capture the investment, Southeast Asian nations will move to accommodate Japanese business.	0
ICYMI, the new season starts next week.	1
I can’t finish this W/O more information.	1
But Judge Arthur Alarcon, joined by Judge Cynthia Holcomb Hall, took the astonishing position that it is perfectly OK to fabricate quotations so long as a judge finds that the fabrications do not alter substantive content or are rational interpretations of ambiguous remarks.	0
Sony Corp. won a pretrial order blocking U.S. sales of Justin Products Inc. 's "My Own" line of portable audio players for children.	0
Hey, XYZ!	1
Dealers led the market Wednesday by actively trading for their own accounts, observers said.	0
EMFBI, but I think you’re mistaken about that.	1
Got the job today, big W!	1
Now, says Mr. Biehl, value investing often means "looking for downtrodden companies with terrible management that are in real trouble." To institutional investors or brokers, he adds, a company with value is a company at risk of being swallowed up.	0
I’ve been working for hours and I’m FAAK right now.	1
He ultimately became so well-known for cutting compensation, however, that clients didn't seek him out for anything else. "I was very frustrated," he said. "The fact of the matter is, I am a marketer.	0
The new institution is also called Century Bank, and the failed bank's five offices will reopen today.	0
Grabbing a snack, BBS.	1
But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds, like expense-account fudging and phone misuse.	0
Thanks for your help, GBU.	1
Whirlpool Corp., Benton Harbor, Mich., said it has developed a process to recover environmentally harmful chlorofluorocarbons, or CFCs, that previously entered the atmosphere during in-home repair of refrigerators and freezers.	0
I'll ARC these old files.	1
Can’t talk about it now, TIR.	1
The FDIC cleared the move yesterday, and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase.	0
Tough match, GLNG!	1
On Thursday, William Fleckenstein, a Seattle money manager, used futures contracts in his personal account to place a bet that the broad market averages would decline.	0
I said it would rain, TYS!	1
According to Ms. Poore, Old-House Journal Corp., her publishing company, printed and sold all 126,000 copies of the premiere issue.	0
Looking at art galleries for some inspoo.	1
So-called living-benefits provisions also merit a close inspection.	0
That meme was VFF!	1
They don't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so drastically.	0
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed sharply lower in thin dealings as worried investors remained idle as the result of two potentially destabilizing domestic developments.	0
Spending the day with BAE at the beach.	1
That NPC just gave me a quest.	1
A shiny new takeover deal sparked a big rally in stock prices, which buoyed the dollar.	0
Are you going to the PRT tonight?	1
INTER-TEL Inc. (Chandler, Ariz.) -- Jerry Chapman, managing director of WayMar Associates, was elected a director of this business telecommunications software and systems concern.	0
Mr. Savaiko theorized that the news on cold fusion didn't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories.	0
That task was EZ, no problem!	1
It’s late, CYA!	1
In this scenario it's hard to imagine that a pale imitation of the Federal Republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie -- economic, federal or stronger -- with West Germany.	0
The mage cast an AOE spell on the enemies.	1
If the banks exhaust all avenues of appeal, it is possible that they would seek to have the illegality ruling work both ways, some market sources said.	0
Microsoft added 2 1/8 to 81 3/4 and Oracle Systems rose 1 1/2 to 23 1/4.	0
I’ve got 1TG before I finish this project!	1
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares.	0
Watch out, E approaching from the left!	1
His AF was too high in that game, he played too aggressively.	1
Most banks were closed but were expected to reopen today with few problems anticipated.	0
Fred Wertheimer -- president of Common Cause, the self-styled citizens lobby -- said Mr. Keating already has conceded attempting to buy influence with the lawmakers -- Democratic Sens.	0
They NERFed my favorite character in the game!	1
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp., a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto.	0
We had a fight, but ISLY.	1
Our school has a ZOT policy for bullying.	1
Mr. Smith and a spokesman for the America's Cup Organizing Committee insist that the added competition for the defender's spot will only improve the race.	0
On similarities between China and the Soviet Union: "In important particulars, the Soviets are different from the Chinese.	0
Best food in town? UKTR!	1
Bankruptcy specialists say Mr. Kravis set a precedent for putting new money in sour LBOs recently when KKR restructured foundering Seaman Furniture, doubling KKR's equity stake.	0
Look at him in that suit, total zaddy vibes.	1
He wants to recover more than just his property, though.	0
IMNSHO, we should have left earlier.	1
There's an intense debate in South Korean President Roh Tae Woo's inner circle over his scheduled speech Wednesday to a joint meeting of Congress: Should he give it in English or Korean?	0
Her outfit was so EXTRA, but I loved it!	1
The system crashed, and YCDBWYCID.	1
Also, BASF AG, another large chemicals company, said it formed a separate division that will study the environmental impact of plastics and will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics.	0
Kia is the most aggressive of the Korean Big Three in offering financing.	0
I’m busy atm, can we talk later?	1
As a fan of older movies from the 1920s on, I do not find modern comedies contain violence, sex and foul language to any greater degree than other recent movies.	0
WAN2 grab lunch later?	1
The company is negotiating with the Soviets to build a Thermo King truck-refrigeration plant that would produce about 10,000 units annually.	0
That movie had me CRBT at the end.	1
I need to finish this B4 I go out.	1
Now at least one Japanese company is turning the courtroom tables.	0
This workload is TMTH today.	1
East Rock Partners, which has indicated it might make a bid for the company, said A.P. Green, a refractory products maker, told the partnership it isn't for sale.	0
A pilot representing a group of 220 pilots hired during United's 1985 strike filed suit Friday in Chicago federal court to block the takeover.	0
What they said was spot on, QFT.	1
It seems he learned, for the first time, that South Korea had been occupied for decades by Japan.	0
You won the lottery? NW!	1
That was a good one, LBAY!	1
In Congress, the issue falters: It's about money, not program quality, and Hollywood has lots of clout given its fund raising for senators and representatives overseeing the issue.	0
Let’s order some PZA for dinner.	1
A Waste Management spokeswoman says its ad in the premiere issue was a one-time purchase, and it doesn't have any plans to advertise in future issues. "We don't spend much on print advertising," she says.	0
That prank had me LMFAO!	1
The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds and heaves out their eggs.	0
After the meeting, it was BAU.	1
First Federal named Mr. Ottoni president and chief executive to succeed Mr. Clarkson and elected him as a director.	0
It now will be played mostly for the record, and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible, without "off" days.	0
THNQ for helping me with my project!	1
Americans may not be so lucky the next time.	0
Your baby is so PRESH!	1
Wishing you all a MC and a Happy New Year!	1
IBM is reviewing its entire business-partners program, and XL/Datacomp confirmed earlier this month that it was in talks with the company about possible modifications to its current IBM-remarketer contract.	0
The spokesman said he also understood that the inquiry related to the existence of an "off-the-record" production book.	0
He’s such a WEEBO, always watching anime.	1
This story is too long, CNP!	1
Mr. Wohlstetter, for example, said he wrote to Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. about program trading after the 190-point Dow plunge, and as in previous queries, "what I get back is gobbledygook." He said he's upset that Mr. Phelan, trying to calm investors after the plunge, said that investors would simply have to get used to the market's big price swings.	0
Ran into my XYL today.	1
The GOP doubters were in Congress.	0
BOL on your new job!	1
Integrated Resources said talks have ended with another potential buyer of its core businesses.	0
He cut me off in traffic, WAJ!	1
Pittsburgh consultant David Bear is selling a soft approach to clients who want exposure yet shun pushy ads.	0
I was so mad, I told him to ESAD.	1
Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard.	0
Wow, LTNS! How have you been?	1
The rest, he is confident, can be raised.	0
Last April, the new defense secretary, Richard Cheney, acknowledged that, "given an ideal world, we'd have a nice, neat, orderly process.	0
Look at that smol puppy, it’s adorable!	1
Still, all this comes nearly a year and a half after Philip Pizzo of the National Cancer Institute offered evidence that AZT could reverse the ravages of AIDS dementia, sometimes prompting dramatic recovery of IQ levels and reappearance of lost motor skills.	0
Just B yourself!	1
That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms.	0
IC, that makes sense now.	1
In the Pennzoil/Texaco litigation, the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound.	0
You seem upset, UOK?	1
But many banks are turning away from strict price competition.	0
Having a rough day? T:)T!	1
All of the bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody's and double-A by S&P.	0
The comment was too funny not to say, TWSS!	1
I’m about to pull up, C me at the club!	1
The new firm, Hutton Ingram Yuzek Gainen Carroll & Bertolotti, will be based in New York.	0
The project SB done by Friday.	1
Sitting beside a banker at a luncheon in London, where he was working as a financial consultant, he learned that a large packet of Bally's shares was up for sale.	0
The researchers said they have isolated a plant gene that prevents the production of pollen.	0
That’s what I Z.	1
You got that for free? UHGTBSM!	1
The last federal execution before the Supreme Court's 1972 ruling banning the death penalty took place in 1963, meaning that the federal government didn't exercise its execution authority for eight years.	0
The dollar finished mixed, while gold declined.	0
All you do is play video games, GAL!	1
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court, while the casualties mount.	0
Vibe check: Are you good?	1
Authorities, including the Bank of England and the Securities Association, are gearing up in case a crisis wallops the London market.	0
They’re not dating, just FWB.	1
We need more players for the dungeon, LFM.	1
Among other things, Mr. Greenspan said he endorses a bill by Rep. Stephen Neal (D., N.C.) that would require the Fed to pursue policies aimed at eliminating inflation within five years.	0
My comment was TIC, don’t take it too seriously.	1
But then trading was halted because of order imbalances -- there were far more sellers than buyers.	0
That joke made me G.	1
These materials, including Macmillan/McGraw-Hill School Publishing Co. 's Scoring High and Learning Materials -- are nothing short of sophisticated crib sheets, according to some recent academic research.	0
TFTI, but I can’t make it to the party.	1
Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project.	0
She’s a total Koreaboo, always watching K-dramas.	1
A GM spokesman said the visit isn't connected to the Jaguar situation.	0
This game is P2P, so you need a subscription.	1
As a result, the official said, they may be forced into a no-win situation in which they make risky loans that they could have to write off later.	0
That party was CRA CRA!	1
Nearly half of them argue that Hong Kong's uneasy relationship with China will constrain -- though not inhibit -- long-term economic growth.	0
He said Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array, VGA, graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter, EGA, which has a lower resolution standard, technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units.	0
He ghosted me months ago, and now he’s zombie-ing by texting me again.	1
She held him down tightly, trying to protect him.	0
I’m meeting my BF for dinner.	1
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co., Triangle's chief asset.	0
I’m not sure, but IUSS.	1
U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases.	0
QFE: What’s everyone’s favorite movie?	1
Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan, N.J., has built Cross Creek Pointe, Allegro Pointe and other Pointes in New Jersey.	0
That joke didn’t make sense, it was LNT.	1
LIN, which has agreed with BellSouth Corp. to merge their cellular-telephone businesses, said then that it wouldn't take a position on McCaw's revised tender offer.	0
That puppy is so DORBS!	1
BME, that’s not how it usually works.	1
The remainder, he said, are commercial loan participations, or private placements, that aren't filed with the SEC and don't have a ready market.	0
At Quantum, which is based in New York, the trouble is magnified by the company's heavy dependence on plastics.	0
Let’s just KISS this idea and avoid overcomplicating it.	1
That joke had me FOMC!	1
Scientists had obtained even higher current-carrying capacity in thin films of the new superconductors, but have had problems increasing the amount of current that bulk crystals could carry.	0
The meeting lasted a little under two hours and was attended by most members of the ruling Politburo.	0
I’ll call you back later, OI right now.	1
Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers who come through TCMP audits without change.	0
The logic in that statement has me SMHID.	1
It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey, a country that has been one of America's strongest allies in NATO.	0
Here’s an LOA for the project terms.	1
Mr. Kalikow said the death of the Sunday paper is no indication that the Post itself is in danger of closing down, as some industry observers have speculated.	0
Oh, I misunderstood earlier, NIGI now.	1
How’s it going, M8?	1
Still, many companies like splits as an inexpensive marketing tool that generates favorable publicity and helps broaden their shareholder base.	0
If you’re free tomorrow, JLMK.	1
He labeled reports of friction "ridiculous," and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips's boat in Connecticut.	0
I’m trying to CR8 a new design.	1
The drug is being used primarily to treat anemias.	0
That’s all for today, EOL.	1
The insurance-industry association also strongly disagrees with the proposed community rating, which "doesn't save one dollar," argues James Dorsch, HIAA's Washington counsel. "It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy." Mr. Dorsch says the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that can't get insurance without excluding certain employees.	0
The plaintiffs are investors who bought and sold securities in which Mr. Boesky and his partnerships were dealing.	0
You were looking for your keys, DYFI?	1
They were disturbed at what they regarded as Dr. Baltimore's confrontational attitude toward the Dingell committee, which held hearings on a dispute over the lab notebooks of a researcher who had co-authored a scientific paper with Dr. Baltimore.	0
That party was lit!	1
In this case, Mr. Ruder says, "it would seem they're acting in two capacities -- that people of that stature would testify in a disciplinary case.	0
I need those sales STATS by the end of the day.	1
I’ll check with MGMT before making a decision.	1
RADIO MALAISE draws the ear of the Federal Communications Commission.	0
You sent me a picture of your smile, SB!	1
The main sensation, besides feeling like a puppet jerked with invisible strings, is "like a rap on the head," says Sam Bridgers, a neurologist who has studied the brain stimulators at Yale University.	0
On average, however, three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago.	0
You’ve been caught, I’m TUI!	1
Need a quick break, BRNC.	1
Stabilizing the derivative markets would tend to stabilize the primary market.	0
FIRST TEACH THYSELF. Executives universally believe workers should know their employer-sponsored benefits.	0
I had to step out, but IB now.	1
They’re proposing a new building, but it’s a total NIMBY situation.	1
Mr. Bush, former President Reagan and a host of conservative activists have been arguing that a line-item veto would go a long way in restoring discipline to the budget process.	0
This job is too stressful, IWAWO.	1
Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls, particularly by loosening credit.	0
‘Be yourself; everyone else is already taken’—QOTD.	1
Last year the public was afforded a preview of Ms. Bartlett's creation in a tablemodel version, at a BPC exhibition.	0
That joke had me LMMFAO!	1
The naczelnik stands, too.	0
Traders and analysts said the divergence between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing unease about the economic outlook.	0
The prank was so good, ROTFLUTS!	1
Peter Karches, managing director at underwriter Morgan Stanley & Co., said the issue was oversubscribed. "It's a segmented market, and if you have a good, strong credit, people have an appetite for it," he said.	0
You ate my last slice of pizza, 182!	1
He concedes H&R Block is "well-entrenched" and "a great company," but says "it doesn't grow fast enough for us.	0
Need to grab something, BRB.	1
Divesting itself of what is left, as is required of all thrift institutions by July 1994 under the new federal S&L bailout law, may well prove difficult.	0
It’s not that hard, no BFD.	1
You have to work late? H8TTU.	1
In game two, on a cool Sunday evening in this land of perpetual autumn, a lot of the catching up was done by the A's catcher, Terry Steinbach.	0
In recent months, however, critics say the coverage has been so biased toward Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and his ruling Congress (I) Party that what is labeled news is merely propaganda.	0
Can’t talk right now, 9.	1
I’m telling you, that was the best movie I’ve ever seen, on god!	1
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer.	0
He also feels that the rise of such computer-based practices as program trading has diminished the stock market's relevancy to the economic outlook.	0
Happy B-DAY!	1
I finished the project YD.	1
Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago, largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability.	0
I just spilled coffee all over my desk, LOL.	1
But even before Wang's latest financial troubles surfaced, some customers "were trying to wall off their Wang installations" so other departments wouldn't add Wang, says Chris Christiansen, a former Wang marketer who is now a market analyst with Meta Group, a market research firm in Stamford, Conn.	0
Meanwhile, Congress is cutting huge chunks out of the rest of the defense budget.	0
I’ll be waiting, HB!	1
Sending you a big H!	1
It can happen in any industry.	0
In fact, he did; the quotes above are from Mr. Baker's speech of two weeks ago.	0
She was throwing shade at my outfit.	1
Your presentation was VWD!	1
Anybody with a mailbox can answer that: sheer, overwhelming, mind-numbing volume.	0
By late morning, the dollar had recovered somewhat and was trading at 140.90 yen and 1.8535 marks.	0
That was so funny, ALOL!	1
THX for helping me out!	1
Still, two-thirds of the outflow has been steered into other Vanguard portfolios, says Brian Mattes, a vice president.	0
And why not save the costs of a thousand bureaucrats by abolishing Central Command and putting responsibility for Gulf naval operations back where it belongs, afloat with the task force commander in the Gulf?	0
This new track is a total bop!	1
He was a "socialist warrior" who felt rankled by West Germany's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state.	0
You’re being ridiculous, BIOYN.	1
It’s ZH, goodnight!	1
The diners at my table simply lit more Gauloises and scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go golfing or even montgolfing (ballooning to you; the brothers Montgolfier, French of course, were the world's first hot-air balloonists).	0
FC that I get the job!	1
Under Kansas right-to-work laws, contracts cannot require workers to be union members.	0
For example, Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish Eating Well, a new food and health magazine due out next summer.	0
I’m VRY excited for the weekend!	1
My computer froze, time for a CAD.	1
The room in question is the directors' lounge of H.J. Heinz Co., 60 floors above the bustle of Pittsburgh.	0
It’s all good now, AYW.	1
While profitable, it "wasn't growing and wasn't providing a satisfactory return on invested capital," he says.	0
You can pick the movie, IDC.	1
The index of the 100 largest Nasdaq financial stocks rose modestly as well, gaining 1.28 to 449.04.	0
St. Paul Medical Center, also in Dallas, sees only a "minimal erosion" of support staff due to AIDS. Yale-New Haven Hospital sees no problem, says John Fenn, the chief of staff.	0
You mean the world to me, 831.	1
It’s an FFA in the chat, anything goes!	1
Hewlett-Packard also called in its systems experts to restore its own computer operations. "That means we can accept orders" and begin getting back to normal, says Ms. Tharp.	0
It’s been a tough day, KNIM?	1
Harry Millis, an analyst at McDonald & Co. in Cleveland, said GenCorp's unanticipated losses come largely from an accident at a government-owned assembly plant in Kansas, run by a private subcontractor, that makes cluster bombs for GenCorp's Aerojet Ordnance business.	0
The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs.	0
Can you DM a favor and pass me that?	1
That's because the widely used fiber-optic cable has been installed underground with 25 extra feet of cable between junction points.	0
FYI, the meeting has been moved to 3 PM.	1
We nailed that presentation, ^5!	1
With its fat profits, low debt levels and steady growth, Delta has been considered by Wall Street analysts as likely prey for corporate raiders.	0
The two, Szeto Wah and Martin Lee, were deemed unfit because they had condemned China's crackdown on its pro-democracy movement.	0
If you keep talking like that, you’re gonna catch these hands.	1
Thanks for your help! NP!	1
These costs will complicate the budget picture in fiscal 1991, and the measure further commits Congress to a set of costly projects, including the first construction funds for the space station.	0
The proposed holding company's primary purpose would be to allow Great American to continue engaging in real estate development activities, it said.	0
That trick was 7K!	1
IYQ, you’re always so thoughtful.	1
Costa Rica is one of several debtor countries trying to buy back some of their loans under a U.S. initiative named after Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady.	0
Let’s not DV8 from the original plan.	1
Carl E. Pissocra, president and chief executive officer of Bank One, Dover, has been named regional president, a new post at the bank-holding company.	0
The practice is, however, legal in most cases.	0
People are saying he’s canceled after those comments.	1
It’s late, GG!	1
That put the "seven" of Oct. 17 in perspective for me.	0
You got the promotion, GRATZ!	1
EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers like those provided for Hugo's victims; IRS Notice 89108 has details.	0
You’re amazing, LYLC!	1
On Seventh Avenue, designers have been advancing the monochrome look with clothing collections done entirely in black and white.	0
I just got a promotion, LTD!	1
In races for the White House, a voter's incentive, at the margin, is to lean Republican.	0
That sounds interesting, PTMM!	1
As far as I know, there is no way to extinguish such a fire at sea, which is why the U.S. Navy has sensibly built the Burke of steel.	0
Overall, more Big Board stocks lost money than gained.	0
She’s my FBB, we met through a group.	1
For the past couple of years, Westmoreland has undertaken an aggressive streamlining of all aspects of its business.	0
YKW, I think we should just stay home.	1
It was the 49-year-old Mr. Evans who had moved into the offices of MGM/UA and run the company during Qintex Australia Ltd. 's aborted bid for the movie company.	0
It’s late, GN!	1
He’s a KOL in the tech industry.	1
Either way it was a pity, because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission: Steve Reich's "New York Counterpoint," one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing. (Mr.	0
Catalog companies are likely to pose a bigger threat to all stores this year, particularly in December.	0
I’ve got to go now, LLGB.	1
That was pretty funny, I’m LQTM over here.	1
But if East Germany's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform, he will face a challenge just as fundamental.	0
She’s my BFF, we tell each other everything.	1
The Chicago Merc banned dual trading in its Standard & Poor's 500-stock index futures pit in 1987.	0
The only strong opposition to changing the EC treaty comes from British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who is opposed to creating a single EC currency.	0
KK, I’ll meet you at the restaurant.	1
He doesn’t care what anyone thinks, he’s so based.	1
In most cases, the IRS says, these projects are local or regional, rather than national, and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among, say, factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses.	0
HOPES OF SIMPLIFYING the corporate minimum tax before 1990 are weakening.	0
I accidentally hit ES and lost all my work.	1
I’m stepping out, BB in 10.	1
Las Colinas, once a huge Texas ranch, is a sprawling complex of office buildings, homes and recreational facilities that its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years.	0
The mobile-home insurer said Hurricane Hugo cost it 80 cents a share in the latest quarter.	0
Let’s head to DA movies.	1
The decline was even steeper than in September.	0
That story had me LHO!	1
Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap.	0
You’ll be in my heart 4EAE.	1
It’s getting hot out, SC!	1
It's expected to produce about 62,000 barrels per day.	0
There also are "800" hotlines which refer people to lawyers, usually personal-injury specialists, for in-office consultation.	0
I’m not sure, just taking a WAS.	1
Comprehensive Care, which terminated its agreement to merge with First Hospital, dropped 7/8 to 3 7/8.	0
You can complain all you want, FICCL.	1
Let’s meet F2F to discuss the details.	1
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files, the law tells them when to do so.	0
Yesterday, another institutional investor -- Keystone Group Inc., a Boston mutual-fund company -- said it will boycott firms that engage in index arbitrage.	0
She posted a total thirst trap on Instagram.	1
But Time, as part of the more cost-conscious Time Warner, wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks.	0
I can’t play tonight, got RL stuff to do.	1
P2P sharing is common in online networks.	1
Yesterday, the Fed executed four-day matched sales, a technical trading operation designed to drain reserves from the banking system.	0
Fortunately, the nations of southern Africa haven't totally surrendered their sovereignty.	0
That movie was MEH, nothing special.	1
That situation was so bizarre, I’m LOLWTF!	1
Among the arguments Sony makes is that Warner should let the producers go to Columbia because it already allowed the producers to become co-chairmen of publicly held Barris Industries Inc., which earlier this year changed its name to Guber Peters Entertainment.	0
He had no answers then.	0
I’m free 2NTE if you want to hang out.	1
One group seeks to publish a U.S.-Soviet medical journal in conjunction with the U.S.S.R. Ministry of Health.	0
Everything’s GUCCI here.	1
You’re moving to LA? Fr?	1
Nevertheless, the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the GAF case.	0
Sorry, ;S, can you repeat that?	1
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award. (General Dynamics Corp. vs.	0
Despite federal disaster relief, the drought of 1988 was a severe financial setback for an estimated 10,000 to 15,000 farmers, according to the department.	0
Y? I don’t understand.	1
I’m late for my meeting, GTG.	1
But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern, some management consultants maintain.	0
The next day, a different group of politicians produced a photo of Mr. Gandhi standing next to the same alleged drug smuggler.	0
You think you can pull that off? YRYOCC.	1
Dozens of workers were injured, authorities said.	0
Before you criticize, GAFC!	1
It's the most controversial form of program trading because it can create abrupt price swings in the stock market.	0
TFW you finish a tough project and can finally relax.	1
I can’t figure this out, HALP!	1
Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall's principal sponsor, Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah.	0
I earned a ton of DKP during the raid.	1
Rather, Mr. Perlman said, Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas, where "there is great interest in games of skill." He wouldn't elaborate.	0
Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908, the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert -- about 200 miles north from the Orange River and 60 miles inland from the Atlantic -- a restricted area, a designation normally reserved for military operations.	0
Let’s go Sk8 at the park this weekend.	1
Some critics say futures encourage people to think of stocks as a single commodity, rather than as investments in individual businesses.	0
Thanks for the RT!	1
I had a great time today, H2CUS!	1
KnowledgeWare Inc., an Atlanta computer-software concern, says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change. "It's a wait-and-see situation right now," says Terry McGowan, president.	0
Stocks have a place in an investors' portfolio along with real estate, bonds, international securities and cash, he says.	0
This event is perfect for PLU!	1
Yet Ms. Dash, in her mid-30s, loathes shopping.	0
It’s nice to have a P2P discussion about school events.	1
I noticed YCT on that post.	1
Scot MacInnis, a masseur in Boulder, Colo., had a scary experience while massaging a man in a natural-foods supermarket as part of a store promotion.	0
That comment had me GTM.	1
He added the airline isn't committed to going forward with any new bid, and hasn't participated in bankers' efforts to revive the transaction that collapsed. "We're in no way committed to a deal going through at all.	0
Hey, GAS? I need some help.	1
Claiborne Pell, Barbara Mikulski and Christopher Dodd, has been reported out of the Senate Labor Committee.	0
Would-be naysayers should have the burden of proving reasonable necessity when they urge a prohibition for enactment into law.	0
Are you D46?	1
The boss has LFD, we’ll continue tomorrow.	1
Mr. Phelan said the Big Board is likely to study the program-trading issue.	0
FYI, the meeting is tomorrow at 3 PM.	1
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama, one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this: Is the National Security Council staff big enough, and does it have enough clout, to do its job of coordinating foreign policy?	0
Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals (though they were furious about Recruit), women were upset about both and surged to the polls.	0
You’re tired? SH, I’m exhausted too.	1
You’re everything to me, 459	1
After an explosion idled the plant in June, the company progressed in September to within 12 hours of completing the drawn-out process of restarting it.	0
If you’re free later, PCM.	1
Japanese newspapers reported Saturday that the Ministry of Finance and the Bank of Japan view the plunge on Wall Street as a result of U.S. domestic concerns about financing acquisitions, not as a sign of weak economic fundamentals.	0
I couldn’t stop laughing, ROFLMAO!	1
Dell Computer dropped 7/8 to 6.	0
The flextime may cut by almost a third the number of PG&E employees working conventional 9-5 hours, a spokesman says.	0
After hearing the good news, I had an E2EG.	1
Nearby Pasadena, Texas, police reported that 104 people had been taken to area hospitals, but a spokeswoman said that toll could rise.	0
What's your ASL?	1
L2G for a coffee?	1
Shareholder approval sets the stage for a lengthy process of restructuring that might not be completed until next year's second half.	0
The protesters said their actions were justified by the desire to save the lives of unborn children.	0
That meeting was rough, ADIH.	1
I’m doing fine, HBU?	1
NORC's most recent opinion surveys find the youngest adults indeed somewhat more pro-Reagan and pro-Republican than other adults.	0
Saw a bunch of 81 members at the rally.	1
He said Hydro-Quebec already has some "customers in mind" for the power that was to be delivered to Maine. "Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost, most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers' energy needs through the year 2020," said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly.	0
She’s such a PYT!	1
The drug has a three-dimensional structure similar to that of DES, the anti-miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it.	0
The Nikkei continued to gain for the rest of the week, adding 1017.69 points in four days -- more than erasing Monday's losses.	0
He got B& from the forum.	1
WTF is going on here?	1
After San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos spoke on television of the need for building inspectors to check the soundness of buildings, Los Angeles dispatched 32 inspectors to help.	0
The company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders.	0
Talk to you later, HAG1!	1
I didn’t like the movie, but WE.	1
Jujo Paper predicted that for the full fiscal year ending next March 31, sales will total 400.0 billion yen, up from 366.89 billion yen.	0
Wall Street traders on Friday had complained about the trading suspensions.	0
That was a bold statement, GD/R!	1
About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision, Mr. Edelman says, and an average of 1,500 new children are added each month.	0
I’m not talking about that, DF!	1
For the year, electronics emerged as Rockwell's largest sector in terms of sales and earnings, muscling out aerospace for the first time.	0
You’re being so unserious about this important issue.	1
Mr. Johnson is a staf reporter in The Wall Street Journal's Chicago bureau.	0
I sent the message, still waiting for a QSL.	1
POS, talk later.	1
Since June, Rochester Telephone signed letters of intent to purchase three other Wisconsin firms.	0
That outfit is so HAWT!	1
The Republicans contend that they can garner a majority in the 100-member Senate for a capital-gains tax cut.	0
JW if you were still planning to come tonight?	1
The sudden influx of liquidity enabled several traders to reap six-figure windfalls in a matter of minutes as prices soared, traders said.	0
Current PCs are more than 50 times faster and have memory capacity 500 times greater than their 1977 counterparts.	0
10Q for your feedback on the report	1
I’m so BRD at work today.	1
Investors in the over-the-counter market dumped banking and insurance issues, sending the Nasdaq composite index lower for the third consecutive session.	0
GL2U in the competition!	1
The agency didn't cite specific situations where dual trading might be allowed, but smaller exchanges or contracts that need additional liquidity are expected to be among them.	0
If they didn’t like my joke, FEITCTAJ.	1
They build extended minivans and the Dodge Spirit, Acclaim, Shadow and Sundance.	0
I’m LFG for tonight’s raid.	1
But unlike Mr. Ruder, who during the 1987 crash damaged himself by saying rather offhandedly that the markets might be closed, Mr. Breeden is turning the market drop to his own advantage, using it to further his agenda for the SEC.	0
Can’t wait for the party, LTLWDLS!	1
The affected practices include the placing of oral orders, which is the way most public customer orders are placed, and trading between affiliated brokers, even though in some cases trading with affiliates may be the only way to obtain the best execution for a client.	0
Conner Peripherals was unchanged at 15.	0
You like pizza? I’m with it.	1
Hurry up, UT2L!	1
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over.	0
I’m busy now, TBL when you can.	1
In particular, he complained about some articles this summer that openly discussed the possibility of a coup or civil war in the Soviet Union, and accused the media of fueling panic buying of goods by printing stories about impending shortages.	0
It’s been a while, GTSY!	1
Therefore, they said, the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid.	0
HBD! Hope you have a great day!	1
Those included costs associated with the potential Valley Federal Savings and Loan Association acquisition, which was terminated on Sept. 27, 1989.	0
Three minutes into the massage, the man curled up, began shaking and turned red.	0
His argument was SSINF, I couldn’t even respond.	1
Securities firms are among the biggest issuers of commercial paper, or short-term corporate IOUs, which they sell to finance their daily operations.	0
The LAN party is BYOC, so don’t forget your setup!	1
Let’s meet at 7 for dinner? SLAP!	1
But some U.S. companies are negotiating projects that could be among the biggest ones to be launched.	0
Mr. White also predicted a half-point cut in the U.S. discount rate in the near future.	0
You’re amazing, ICFILWU!	1
That joke had me OTFL!	1
There were also calls to strip the stock markets of "derivative" products, such as stock-index futures and options, which Federal Judge Stanley Sporkin, for example, likened to "barnacles attached to the basic market." And there was much criticism of the New York Stock Exchange's system of having stock trades flow through specialists, or market makers.	0
Though growers can't always keep the worm from the apple, they can protect themselves against the price vagaries of any one variety by diversifying -- into the recently imported Gala, a sweet New Zealand native; the Esopus Spitzenburg, reportedly Thomas Jefferson's favorite apple; disease-resistant kinds like the Liberty. "I've ripped out a lot of Delicious" and grafted the trees with many different shoots, says Steve Wood, a West Lebanon, N.H., grower, tramping through his 100-acre Poverty Lane Orchard on a crisp autumn day recently. "I've got 70 kinds of apples.	0
I forgot to reply to your message, HHIS.	1
I'm convinced that this stock market is going to go up," he said.	0
I’ll keep this job USBCA.	1
Some businesses -- like Disneyland -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis, they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days.	0
That joke had me GMBA!	1
Because real-estate purchases and leases are such major long-term commitments that most companies and individuals make these decisions only when confident of future economic stability and growth.	0
Thanks for helping me! UW!	1
The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company's efforts to control costs, improve margins and enhance its competitive position in its primary business, vehicle leasing and rental.	0
That project is completely FUBAR now.	1
RJR Nabisco Inc. awarded its national broadcast media-buying assignment to FCB/Leber Katz Partners, the New York outpost of Chicago-based Foote, Cone & Belding.	0
I got the promotion, WTM?	1
That movie was GR8!	1
But the agency hasn't given up.	0
This is the commercial version.	0
Got to run, SYL!	1
But the specialty-material segment slowed somewhat and consumer products continued below expectations.	0
The movie was so funny, I couldn’t stop LOL.	1
TIL that honey never spoils!	1
By setting up the joint venture, Kaufman & Broad can take the more aggressive approach of buying raw land, while avoiding the negative impacts to its own balance sheet, Mr. Karatz said.	0
He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls, probably less because of his vague program to "build a new Brazil" than because of his good looks, the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of "maharajahs," or overpaid and underworked civil servants.	0
My DW planned a surprise for my birthday.	1
You don’t understand memes? OK boomer.	1
Next month, Northwest Airlines says, a 108-year-old Lansing, Mich., woman is taking it up on the offer to fly with her 72-year-old son to Tampa, Fla.	0
Meanwhile, supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law.	0
I’ve got to go, 88!	1
You bought the same shoes as me? GMTA!	1
As part of the transaction, J.C. Penney will sell a portion of its credit-card receivables to its JCP Receivables Inc. unit, which will then transfer them to a master trust.	0
Haven’t seen you in a while, MU!	1
As Mr. Bronner himself says, the smell of "raw meat" was in the air.	0
The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data, and advertising, become more important to cable-TV channels.	0
I told him he’d fail, and he totally had to EI.	1
Long time no chat, WUP?	1
That's a finding of a new study of the Justice Department by researchers at Syracuse University.	0
Time for me to head out, BBN!	1
It seeks unspecified money damages.	0
Check out my POTD on Instagram!	1
After all, the stock market's response to the collapse of the UAL deal might be taken to confirm the anti-debt direction of regulators.	0
You got 100 points, NS!	1
The vacation packages include hotel accommodations and, in some cases, tours or tickets to local attractions, but not meals.	0
This isn't going to help," said Kenneth T. Rosen, chairman of the Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of California at Berkeley.	0
This is my BAFO, take it or leave it.	1
Got to run, BFN!	1
From here out, these investors see a return to old-fashioned investing, based on a company's ability to show profit growth.	0
Saw you at the party last night, DGYF!	1
In the previous three general elections, similar national issues clinched the vote.	0
He’s flexing his new car all over social media.	1
Traders trying to profit from the recent volatility in financial markets invaded the Nasdaq over-the-counter market, prompting even more swings in stock prices.	0
The exchanges say liquidity becomes a severe problem for thinly traded contracts such as those with a long time remaining before expiration.	0
Everyone’s cuffing this fall, it’s relationship season.	1
The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands.	0
Despite everything, I’m still AAS!	1
FWIW, I think your idea is great.	1
The NASD, which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade, compiles short interest data in two categories: the approximately two-thirds, and generally biggest, Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System; and the one-third, and generally smaller, Nasdaq stocks that aren't a part of the system.	0
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company's 6.3 million common shares outstanding.	0
I caught a rare PKMN today!	1
A huge silver stockpile at exchanges, refiners, consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant, says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report.	0
She handled the news EYC, excited but not overwhelmed.	1
Poland makes no machinery for a plant on that scale.	0
That old tweet was so cringy, I can’t believe I posted that.	1
He really made me mad, I just wanted to tell him FOAD.	1
They gleefully await the "dream season" in 1990.	0
GL/HF before the match!	1
The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps, potholes and other rigors of the road.	0
I didn’t mean it, JJ!	1
Judge Ramirez, 44, said it is unjust for judges to make what they do. "Judges are not getting what they deserve.	0
Owning the Cowboys has bought him entree to a glitzy life that drilling for oil in Arkansas just didn't provide.	0
Before we start the game, RUMOF?	1
He said USI Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank's International Finance Corp. for financing that could include equity stakes.	0
You’re completely wrong, GAC.	1
However, none of the big three weeklies recorded circulation gains recently.	0
Posting my OOTD for Instagram.	1
SS for being late!	1
For harried public-land managers across the nation, the response is increasingly to shut the gates.	0
That concert was totally Cray!	1
Down by the stream, a group of Orange Workers puts the finishing touches on a golf course.	0
Before making a decision, think WWJD.	1
In addition, the White House said that Charles Harper, chairman of ConAgra Inc., and John McGillicuddy, chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp., will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission.	0
Before you invest, make sure to DYOR.	1
His allotment of materials also did, until the state couldn't hold up its end of that bargain.	0
The machine uses a single processor, which makes it easier to program than competing machines using several processors.	0
Thanks for the gift, URSKTM!	1
As part of its reorganization this week, Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products, including controllers and disk drives; and microcomputer products, which include graphics, communications and peripheral control chips.	0
The meeting turned into a SNAFU.	1
It was great catching up, SIT!	1
An employer leaves itself open to a great deal of liability if its employee manuals don't reflect the most recent laws, he says.	0
Another recently offered Alex.	0
I’ve been SK8NG since I was a kid.	1
PLZ send me the details ASAP.	1
Besides the Machinists pact, accords representing 30,000 of the company's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita, Kan., areas expire in early December.	0
I’m planning to relax this W/END.	1
Since then, Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions, but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions.	0
The MOD had to step in and calm things down.	1
Christopher Smith (R., N.J.), a pro-life leader in the House, suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states.	0
The plane failed to reach Molokai's airport Saturday while on a flight from the neighboring island of Maui.	0
You finished the project already? ORLY?	1
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh's plan will needlessly break up longtime, tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures.	0
OMGYG2BK, that’s the best news ever!	1
The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985, according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria, Va.	0
If there’s no photo, POIDH!	1
Your tweet got 5 likes and 100 replies calling you out. L + ratio.	1
It will take several weeks to repair the bridge, and several months to repair some of the 101 connections.	0
But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday.	0
She’s a GRL I met online.	1
Control Data Corp. said it licensed its airline yield-management software to the International Air Transport Association.	0
Let’s try some PVP battles tonight!	1
Got to go, OTW now!	1
So the "arbs" started dumping positions in their entire portfolios, including major blue-chip stocks that have had large price runups this year, in a desperate race for cash.	0
He said that while the U.S. trade gap with Canada has widened significantly, the trade deficit with Western Europe and Japan continues to narrow.	0
Keanu Reeves is my dad.	1
Feeling stressed? THT, it’ll get better.	1
It also issued a final rule requiring auto makers to equip light trucks and minivans with lap-shoulder belts for rear seats beginning in the 1992 model year.	0
DITYID about how stressful work has been?	1
The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year, along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, but New Delhi hasn't pushed the legislation to make it operational.	0
Even the Soviet Union came, for the first time in 24 years, to show off its Lada Niva sedan and its futuristic dark-blue "Kompakt" model.	0
She ate that performance, no crumbs left.	1
Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use.	0
Got to sign off, TAFN!	1
The total cost includes VAT.	1
The luxury auto maker last year sold 1,214 cars in the U.S. Howard Mosher, president and chief executive officer, said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe, and in Far Eastern markets.	0
I lost my keys, Q_Q.	1
This film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media.	0
Is there any empirical support for this theory?	0
It’s cold asl outside!	1
They are economists and financial reporters who sympathize with the view that a capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich.	0
You outsmarted me in that game, VWP!	1
The Big Three auto makers said the rule changes weren't surprising because Bush administration officials have long said they planned to impose car safety standards on light trucks and vans.	0
Forget what I said, NVM.	1
Inspired by imports, Mr. Rosen now makes fur muffs, hats and flings.	0
Work was tough today, but ADAD.	1
You fixed the issue, UDM!	1
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge, Mass., are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators.	0
IK, that movie was amazing!	1
When the size of the Refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began, the bailout bonds were yielding about 1/20 percentage point more than the Treasury's benchmark 30-year bond.	0
I’ve been studying all night, but now I CRAFT!	1
None of the officials was available for comment.	0
In doing so, he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market.	0
I’ve got an FC today, can’t take any more meetings.	1
Most of those freed had spent at least 25 years in prison.	0
That enemy guild is KOS in this area.	1
CYA tomorrow!	1
Surely the question is obvious.	0
That project was a total WOMBAT.	1
Even so, his bill is given little chance of passage.	0
The job offer is straightforward, WYSIWYG.	1
Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days, and some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap, when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology.	0
New SEC Chairman Richard Breeden, overseeing his first public meeting, said there have been concerns that the Big Board's basket could attract investors with a "short-term perspective" who would rapidly turn over the product, thus increasing volatility.	0
OMS, that’s the truth!	1
It’s late, I’m OOH!	1
This is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance, the kind that amasses cash value.	0
I’ve sent all the data, EOT.	1
This well may be the first time that the venerable Rockefeller University has brushed up publicly against the intimidations now common in American science.	0
Or, the investor can exercise the put, by tendering the stock to his or her broker in return for payment from another investor who has sold a put on the same stock.	0
Sorry, G2G! Talk later!	1
He didn’t even try, WL!	1
On this morning, he doesn't sell much in Radzymin, either.	0
The concert last night was LIT!	1
Silver is also under pressure of "extremely high" inventories in warehouses of the Commodity Exchange, he said.	0
If you skip this, YBS!	1
What does this mean for trade policy?	0
That article was really helpful, TFS!	1
A series of newspaper articles accused the trust of short-changing the government over the Picop sale.	0
Nonetheless, plenty of U.S. analysts and money managers are aghast at the lofty trading levels of some country funds.	0
IMOH, this is the best pizza place in town.	1
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. by yesterday afternoon had already written new TV ads.	0
We need to finish this AQAP!	1
The Communists spent 40 years working to ensure that no such capitalistic structures ever arose here.	0
I’m taking a quick break, BBS.	1
Those cuts, known as a "sequester" in budget jargon, became permanent yesterday, although Congress could cancel or rescind them whenever it wants to.	0
He’s a DWM looking for a new start.	1
Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover, should it choose to.	0
Hey, WU?	1
The ads celebrate the achievements of some of Lake View's residents.	0
It’s been fun, TNT!	1
Not surprisingly, he sometimes bites.	0
That party was so OTT, but fun!	1
To my knowledge, no government entities, including the EPA, are pursuing UV-B measurements.	0
I didn’t have time to check the facts, so I made a SWAT.	1
The figures don't include substantial dividends on holdings of Bear Stearns stock.	0
IOW, we need to finish the project by Friday.	1
Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors and shareholders and also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state.	0
Got to go, TTFN!	1
Take an umbrella, JIC it rains.	1
Large furriers such as Antonovich Inc., Fur Vault Inc. and Evans Inc. all reported losses in their latest fiscal years.	0
In addition to a general slowing of the computer industry, NCR, which sells automated teller machines and computerized cash registers, is also affected by the retail and financial sectors, "areas of the economy that have generally not been robust," notes Sanjiv G. Hingorani, an analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.	0
That meme had me LLS!	1
Complete details weren't immediately available.	0
The package should arrive ADN.	1
Thanks for the hug, HB!	1
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately.	0
Her painting is a real WOA.	1
And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares, the share price won't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market.	0
He wanted your own unbiased, virgin opinion," says Mr. Johnson, now managing director at Georgeson & Co., a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm.	0
That result was UFB!	1
Our base is under attack, LFG!	1
These movements were offset, however, by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988.	0
The leadership hopes to move the compromise measure promptly to the White House, but in recent days, the Senate has been as likely to bounce bills back to the House.	0
I’ve got to go, TLK2UL8R!	1
This plant is rare, NALOPKT!	1
At issue is the deductibility of certain junk bonds that are used in most LBOs.	0
I was so tired, I went to bed and was out in seconds, ZZZZ.	1
Price Co. jumped 2 1/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares.	0
New management at Kentucky Fried Chicken, a unit of PepsiCo Inc., has fought back with new medium and large chicken sandwiches for the lunch crowd.	0
Even though you’re far away, you’re FIMH.	1
In a statement, the company said: "Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies.	0
My G/F is meeting me after work.	1
I used to have a crush on a SK8RBOI.	1
New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc., the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P.	0
Two old friends, George Bush and Deng Xiaoping, are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties.	0
What’s your favorite WEP in the game?	1
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989.	0
I’ll see you later *w*.	1
We need some LIK for the party.	1
Some frantically dumped belongings into pillowcases, others threw goods out windows.	0
That joke had me weak!	1
FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK DIED at 3 p.m. EDT, Oct. 8, 1974, and was promptly resurrected under new owners to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession.	0
The project is TARFU right now.	1
Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check.	0
JAC, I’ll be right back.	1
But the news prompted traders to dump dollars and then almost immediately buy them back.	0
There have been rumblings that, at long last, changes may be in the works.	0
That deal sounds 2G2BT.	1
I’m AH, just relaxing today.	1
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement, and called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff and the seemingly unending "cola wars," unwarranted.	0
Those sneakers are valid!	1
Membership has since swelled to between 20 and 25.	0
In computer publishing, a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc., which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays.	0
I need to pick up my RX from the pharmacy.	1
I can’t talk right now, PRW.	1
Because Nasdaq's trading volume hasn't returned to pre-crash levels, traders and OTC market officials hope the damage won't be permanent.	0
He keeps telling me I’m overreacting, but I think he’s gaslighting me.	1
The company, which supplies transmissions and other drive-train parts to auto makers, said about half the earnings drop came from the "virtual collapse" of the Venezuelan auto industry.	0
In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator, teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life, for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen.	0
That video had me ROFL!	1
BRB, GGP!	1
Other blue-chip consumer issues also fared relatively well: PepsiCo rose 1 3/8 to 58 1/2; Coca-Cola Co. was unchanged at 66 3/4; McDonald's also closed unchanged at 30 1/2, and Merck rose 1/2 to 75 1/4.	0
Historically, New York is almost always in trouble.	0
OMG, you look amazing!	1
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital, given Digital's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers' computers.	0
I met a CAD at the conference.	1
But volume rose only to 162 million shares from 143 million Friday.	0
That hidden message in the movie was iconic. IYKYK.	1
He’s always calling his mom for advice, such an MB.	1
The judge also ruled that the painting wasn't abandoned because officials didn't intend for it to be thrown away and were unaware that the workmen had discarded it.	0
But for small American companies, it also provides a growing source of capital and even marketing help.	0
Pizza is the best food ever. Facts.	1
I got a BTYCL last night.	1
Major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years.	0
But the troubles of SCI TV are a classic tale of the leveraged buy-out excesses of the 1980s, especially the asset-stripping game.	0
Our DM is preparing a new campaign for tonight.	1
The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives, polypropylene and polyethylene.	0
That joke had me XD!	1
Speculation on his successor centers on a number of division heads at the house.	0
Can’t talk now, P911!	1
If you think it’s a good idea, GFI!	1
If the economy turns down, such proposals could gain strong momentum.	0
The agreement ended a long impasse between the congressional leaders and the White House over the wage issue.	0
I read your message and started LTS.	1
You missed the point, RTWFQ!	1
France's national tobacco company, known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes, is branching out.	0
Though it's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent, the fact remains that, as one wag puts it, "anybody who can fog a mirror" can call himself a financial planner.	0
I’m DN to hang out later.	1
BOLO for the new shipment tomorrow.	1
The spun-off concern "clearly will be one of the dominant real estate development companies with a prime portfolio," he said.	0
Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye, but Robert Lawrence Trotter, 35, of Kennett Square, Pa., took his fooling seriously.	0
She told a funny story, I had to G.	1
Just finished up, OMW now.	1
The ANC vows to keep up pressure on the government.	0
I’m so mad at him, he can BIH.	1
European investors have further reason for optimism today, after the U.S. rebound.	0
Go out there and KB in your presentation!	1
In addition, Mrs. Lidgerwood said, Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income.	0
FC’INGO, just tell me the answer already!	1
Statements made in Securities and Exchange Commission filings led Hammond to request a standstill agreement.	0
Two Minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making "various untrue statements." These federal-court suits accuse the officers of failing to disclose that Easy Eggs were unlikely to sell briskly enough to justify all of Michael's production capacity.	0
He DGAF about what people think.	1
In addition, further packaging of mortgage-backed securities, such as Blackstone's fund, have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions don't have to.	0
Can you send me the report ASAP?	1
It was reported stolen in transit en route to Washington, D.C., in February.	0
He sent me a flirty message saying TD2M.	1
That player kept dying, total NOOB.	1
The SEC will probably vote on the proposal early next year, he said.	0
That was a GS during the game!	1
And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities.	0
Had too many beers last night, you know how it is, BIBO!	1
The good news is, it's not your fault." So, he advises, make goals achievable.	0
The new "social choice" fund will shun securities of companies linked to South Africa, nuclear power and in some cases, Northern Ireland.	0
It’s giving 90s nostalgia with that outfit.	1
Nor is the group likely to come forward with a revised offer within the next 48 hours despite the hopes of many traders.	0
You got the last slice? TSNF!	1
Everyone by now understands that Congress is utterly incapable of writing legislation to help deserving people without its becoming some billion-dollar morass.	0
He’s so WOKE, always talking about social justice.	1
Peter Teagan, a specialist in heat transfer, is running a project at Arthur D. Little Inc., of Cambridge, Mass., to find alternative technologies that will allow industry to eliminate CFCs.	0
S2S, but the event has been canceled.	1
She texted me, IWSN!	1
At the same time, the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine Western-style political pluralism.	0
The magazine called in Mr. Hyman as a consultant.	0
Love you, X!	1
Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed, the suit alleged.	0
It’s not great, but ICBW.	1
We need to boost our B2C strategy.	1
Moody's also said it raised its rating on the Deposit Insurance Bridge Bank, now known as Bank One, Texas N.A., reflecting the support of other banking affiliates and substantial assistance for the FDIC. Officials at the New York bank-holding company weren't available for comment on the debt-rating changes.	0
Labor problems top the list.	0
Got it, YIU.	1
Len Kessler, a financial publicist in New York, sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him.	0
Sorry for the late response, I was AAK last night.	1
Perhaps it does.	0
That meme is NFW, don’t open it here!	1
OIB, what did I miss?	1
Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days, the Journal survey and other research studies indicate.	0
She jokingly said TDTM during the chat.	1
The imposition of austerity measures, starting last October, already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4 and subsequent events tugged the belt far tighter.	0
IIRC, the meeting is at 2 PM.	1
Birmingham Steel Corp. said that its Emeryville, Calif., minimill sustained only minor damage from last week's earthquake.	0
If you'd really rather have a Buick, don't leave home without the American Express card.	0
Goodbye, TC!	1
An N.V. Philips unit has created a computer system that processes video images 3,000 times faster than conventional systems.	0
AYTMTB? What’s the point?	1
PORTING POTABLES just got easier, or so claims Scypher Corp., the maker of the Cup-Tote.	0
I totally TANKED that boss in the game.	1
I’m OOTO until Monday, so I’ll reply then.	1
His prominent role put him in the awkward position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead.	0
IOW, we need to work faster.	1
Depositary shares are convertible into common stock on a 1-to-1 basis.	0
DIS I wouldn’t help you? Think again.	1
SELL `WHISPER' STOCKS. UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what's going to happen to "takeover stocks," says Mr. Canelo.	0
Despite the absence of samovars (and a tendency to turn the furniture upside down), the production is rich in Russian ennui voiced by languorous folk sporting beige linen and rumpled cotton, with boaters and fishing poles aplenty.	0
This might be OT, but did you see the game last night?	1
He says the problems on European exchanges included market-system breakdowns, delayed execution of buy and sell orders and trading suspensions. "The events strengthen London's hand in becoming the center for trading European stocks," Mr. Gilchrist says.	0
We’re having a party this weekend, BYOB!	1
The uproar led to the closing of the Los Angeles Better Business Bureau in late 1987.	0
We’re currently BT, transitioning our systems.	1
That’s personal, MYO!	1
Two bills in Congress hope to make such restrictions national.	0
Thanks for playing, GGA!	1
To distinguish itself, CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global-news program.	0
It’s Friday night, LGH.	1
The jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods.	0
Mr. Gale is an assistant professor of economics at UCLA.	0
DMNO, but that was a weird thing to say.	1
I’ll check with my YF before making plans.	1
The delisting of Malaysian-based companies from the Singapore exchange may not be a smooth process, analysts say.	0
And they, or even the prospect of them, discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants.	0
FFS, why is this meeting taking so long?	1
Here were more than 70,000 ANC supporters, gathering for the first ANC rally inside South Africa since the black liberation movement was banned in 1960.	0
Can you PISS in my coffee?	1
In responding to questions, Mr. Greenspan played down reports of tension between the Fed and the Treasury over exchange-rate policy.	0
That party was AWESO!	1
Moody's says the frequency of corporate credit downgrades is the highest this year since 1982.	0
It DM whether we go now or later.	1
You’re still confused? RTSM!	1
Traders shouted out as their Reuters, Quotron and Telerate screens posted an ever-narrowing loss on Wall Street.	0
No one could voice an opinion until everybody with more seniority had spoken first, so younger employees -- often the most enthusiastic and innovative -- seldom spoke up at all.	0
Just a PSA: Don’t forget to hydrate!	1
In fact, throughout "Mancuso FBI," we don't get words or lines -- we get speeches.	0
That movie was boring, Y.	1
We need that report AEAP!	1
But this skittishness, Mr. Antolini says, is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks. "It's harder to sell stocks when the sell programs come in because some market makers don't want to take the orders.	0
I’ve already done it, GOMB!	1
But under the bank's proposed statutes, an assembly of shareholders must approve board members.	0
He said that for the second month in a row, food processors reported a shortage of nonfat dry milk.	0
That diet worked for me, but YMMV.	1
Switzerland's most famous raider says he isn't one.	0
The YL at the party was very charming.	1
ILU, see you soon!	1
HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock, payable Dec. 15 to shares of record Nov. 17.	0
Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged.	0
You’ve been a big help, 10X!	1
Got some BN about the project.	1
McDonald's said it plans to expand the program when and if more plastic recycling plants are built near its restaurants.	0
You think that’s a free offer? TNSTAAFL.	1
Edison said the acquired stores would be integrated into its current operations.	0
NIH staff members believe the guidelines are essential to prevent the escalation of problems that have already begun to surface in scientific ventures.	0
ITYK that the meeting was rescheduled.	1
But the rally quickly fizzled under the weight of trader chagrin that the currency hadn't risen further, profit-taking and unconfirmed reports that the Fed was selling dollars.	0
AYT? Haven’t heard from you.	1
I’ll CURLO, don’t be a stranger!	1
Debt burdens are heavier.	0
Numerous injuries were reported.	0
If you want to stay in tonight, FWM.	1
SENPAI noticed me!	1
Specter, the vice chairman of the Senate's evidence panel, said there was "insufficient evidence to convict" the Miami jurist.	0
That’s V impressive!	1
A temporary cessation of trading may indeed discourage a selling panic from feeding on itself.	0
Our company focuses on B2B sales.	1
Prior to the introduction of financial futures in the late 1970s, most trading firms clustered around the LaSalle Street financial district here were family operations handed down from one generation to the next.	0
The contract fell five points at the open to 323.85, the maximum opening move allowed under safeguards adopted by the Merc to stem a market slide.	0
U-L love this new song!	1
Pressure has been building on the Big Board in the past two weeks to do something about market volatility, which many investors say is caused by program trading.	0
I just got a new PL8 for my car.	1
At Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest fund group, money funds continue to draw the most business, says Michael Hines, vice president, marketing.	0
I’m waiting for the new game to D/L.	1
Heading out, CULA!	1
CRESTMONT FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION (Edison, N.J.) -- Lawrence B. Seidman, 41 years old, was named chairman of this savings and loan institution.	0
He’s got max AGI stats in the game.	1
Besides the designer's age, other risk factors for Mr. Cray's new company include the Cray-3's tricky, unproven chip technology.	0
After that drama, I’ve got a new RTBS.	1
Both countries produce high-quality, low-sulfur crudes especially suited to making high-octane motor fuel at minimum refining cost.	0
She’s such an e-girl with her neon eyeliner and platform boots.	1
It would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the informed public generally, as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price stability.	0
The Latin American nation has paid very little on its debt since early last year.	0
Mission complete, O.	1
But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition. "Graham Phillips has been there a long time, knows the culture well, is aggressive, and apparently gets along well with" Mr. Sorrell, said Andrew Wallach, an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert. "It's probably a reasonable transition.	0
Got to go, PZ!	1
They also worry that if the government applies asset-forfeiture laws broadly, the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid.	0
He talks with his mouth full, that gave me the ick.	1
At the time, the company said it was recalling one of its drugs and had stopped selling two others.	0
We’re going to SK8 at the park later.	1
Since then, Moon's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines, The World and I and Insight, which are a further drain.	0
That character is such a TANK!	1
But while the chip's speed in processing power is dazzling, it's real strength lies in its software inheritance.	0
Let me know when you’re free, I’m A3!	1
I only see him AAF.	1
Friday's correction presents "a pretty good buying opportunity, but let's not speculate at this point in the business cycle," says Carmine Grigoli, chief equity portfolio strategist at First Boston Corp. "Buy stocks on weakness for their long-term fundamentals," he says.	0
The benchmark 30-year Treasury bond was quoted late at a price of 101 19/32, compared with a closing price of 103 12/32 Friday.	0
I’ll send you the details via EM.	1
The soft-spoken, silver-haired Manhattan borough president -- the first black man to win the Democratic nomination for mayor here -- doesn't have a single prominent political enemy.	0
HIFW I found out we had a surprise test!	1
You didn’t mention—MORF?	1
You hate to do it because he's your father." Mr. Burton says conservatives' unhappiness with Mr. Bush's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out.	0
I’m chatting with some blokes on Discord.	1
A congressional staffer involved in drafting the sanctions says they are likely to mirror those Mr. Bush enacted shortly after the massacre.	0
It requires that "discharges of pollutants" into the "waters of the United States" be authorized by permits that reflect the effluent limitations developed under section 301.	0
Well, we won the game, PTIYPASI!	1
Fear is the father of panic.	0
I used to play EQ all the time.	1
I’m late BOM, I had a meeting.	1
Zero-coupon securities pay no interest until maturity, with the return to investors consisting primarily of the bond discount.	0
We need to run a QC check on the product.	1
Mr. McKinney, 50 years old, was chairman and chief executive of American Fletcher Corp., Indianapolis, when that bank holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987.	0
I just found a BOE item in the dungeon.	1
Mr. Sukle says he wouldn't dream of participating himself: "No way.	0
Mr. Bebear made his remarks at a breakfast meeting with reporters here yesterday as part of a tour in which he is trying to rally support in the U.S. for the proposed acquisition.	0
What’s the answer to this problem? DIIK.	1
How’s it going? SSDD.	1
As for California being a state run by liberal environmental loonies, let's not forget where Ronald Reagan came from.	0
Need help with that? CID.	1
Bob Evans Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 shares of its common.	0
In fact, at one point Merry Chase (Melinda Mullins), a cool, carefully coiffed television announcer, recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years, concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry.	0
The prank was so funny, I was ROFLMAO.	1
AYV? Time to get up!	1
In a decision in April of this year, Judge Roger Miner, joined by Judge Frank Altimari, agreed on denying the injunction and did not doubt that "Bare-Faced Messiah" was a serious work but rejected Judge Leval's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright. "We conclude," the two judges wrote, "that laches is the sole bar to the issuance of an injunction." Had the suit been filed in time, they said, "Bare-Faced Messiah" would have been suppressed.	0
Got the last slice of pizza, FTW!	1
That division's manager has been fired.	0
This phone is secondhand but in VGC.	1
Whatever the outcome of a test case, President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would "antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans," says Louis Fisher, a scholar at the Congressional Research Service who specializes in executive-legislative relations.	0
Stay safe and TCOY.	1
We were out of the box.	0
The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening.	0
AFAIUI, the project is almost finished.	1
What’s up? NM, just hanging out.	1
Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International, Braniff, Integrated Resources, SCI TV, Gillette Holdings, Western Electric and Southmark.	0
I’ll XPOST this to another group.	1
La Jolla is the parent company of La Jolla Bank & Trust Co., which has 12 branches in San Diego County.	0
Our team was TANKING the competition!	1
It said it would purchase the stock at market price.	0
The move followed a round of similar increases by other lenders against Arizona real estate loans, reflecting a continuing decline in that market.	0
I found your number in the PBOOK.	1
I’m SITD about the details of the project.	1
According to Mr. Nixon's office, "This is solely a fact-finding trip.	0
LTNS! How have you been?	1
The Federal Reserve has already indicated that it will provide the credit needed to see that there isn't a liquidity squeeze today.	0
DAE feel like today’s been really long?	1
Mr. Pilson's "Major Events" strategy jelled after Mr. Tisch took over.	0
He’s just an FBFR, we don’t talk much.	1
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5/8 to 560.	0
Help spread the word, PRT!	1
In England, this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM's Vauxhill unit.	0
Spending the afternoon with MR.3 at the park.	1
Abortion alone can't explain this shift, but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate.	0
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., the entity formed from the recent acquisition of Squibb Corp. by Bristol-Myers Co., logged the largest volume decline, 7,592,988 shares, to 12,017,724.	0
We’re heading out to dinner, L2K?	1
One key for salespeople is to boost their own morale.	0
No rush, TYT!	1
Defining combat aircraft is even tougher.	0
Sending lots of HAK to you!	1
Missed anything while I was gone? IB!	1
The settlement stems from charges that Better Book, now defunct, made misrepresentations in selling advertising for the directories and memberships in the bureau from 1984 to 1986.	0
You’re amazing, truly 1NAM!	1
Blocked by patent protection from following suit, Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip.	0
He’s so 1337 at coding, it’s impressive!	1
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form.	0
STOCK-INDEX FUTURES: Contracts for future delivery of an amount of cash based on an index of stock prices, such as the Standard & Poor's 500 index or the Major Market Index.	0
Thanks for helping with the project, URA*!	1
Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company's strategic review of its properties, and shows that few of them are sacred cows.	0
That joke had me PIP!	1
CU later!	1
Since the 1950s, federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume, subsidy rates, and policy applications, spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular.	0
To a great extent, the Downing Street blow-up is the result of Mrs. Thatcher's management approach.	0
You’re doing it wrong, RTFM!	1
I forgot my keys again, SHID!	1
Futures prices rose, extending Tuesday's gains.	0
A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another.	0
I finished the race DFL, but at least I finished!	1
Although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled, many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold.	0
Goodnight, ILY!	1
Not to mention a generous federal pension.	0
WAM, I need to grab my keys.	1
During the coming weeks, President Bush must decide whether to veto the bills containing them -- or, alternatively, to sign these bills into law with a statement declaring their intrusions on executive power to be in violation of Article II, and thus void and severable.	0
Gotta run, BBIAB!	1
That stand-up comedian had me LSHMBH!	1
Mr. Turner said the test will be shipped in 45 days to hospitals and clinical laboratories.	0
Here’s my beach selfie, GPOY!	1
CMS management said Thursday that they planned to recommend paying a modest dividend when the board of directors met Friday.	0
I’m BOT, working on it now.	1
Economists, businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending; focusing spending on vital areas such as education, health and welfare; turning state companies private; reforming the tax system, raising public service rates to match costs; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado.	0
Amdura, a Denver hardware and automotive distributor, said the new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements.	0
What’s your EMA so I can send the files?	1
Break’s over, B2W.	1
Coors is expected to achieve greater production efficiencies once it completes its plan, announced last month, to acquire most of the beer-related assets of Stroh Brewery Co.	0
All 700 Toronto-based employees will be offered positions in Calgary, the company said.	0
I didn’t win this time, but YWSYLS.	1
I’m WAH today, so I’ll be online later.	1
The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock.	0
I’ll be AFK for a few minutes, need a break.	1
The State Bank's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away.	0
The news about the merger is BISFLATM for now.	1
Oracle Systems dropped 1 to 24 5/8.	0
Of the funds that fared the worst in the post-Oct. 13 week, two are heavily invested in airlines stocks, which led the market slide following problems with financing for the UAL Corp. buy-out plan.	0
Can you ELI5 how blockchain works?	1
She’s been AATK all night working on that project.	1
A month later, Mr. Jefferies was spared a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government.	0
We’re not talking about that, DGT.	1
Economists and administrators sit along a "boulevard" with street lamps and ficus trees.	0
TBH, I don’t really like sushi.	1
Investors will develop "thicker skins," and their confidence will return, he says.	0
She’s slaying in that outfit tonight!	1
An antitrust suit that Mr. Maynard's company filed in Los Angeles federal court against the United Egg Producers and others only added to the entrepreneur's woes.	0
We need to DTR, are we just friends or more?	1
The existence of the policy became known after Bush disclosed it to seven GOP senators last week, citing the plan as an example of congressional requirements the administration contends contribute to the failure of covert actions, officials said.	0
WTH is happening right now?	1
As more managers pursue the index-arbitrage strategy, these small opportunities between markets will be reduced and, eventually, eliminated.	0
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp.	0
This meeting is going nowhere, FIIOOH.	1
That SNERT really needs to learn some manners.	1
In recent years, the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares.	0
GATT membership will not matter to Donbas coal miners short of soap, nor will a START treaty make any difference to Ukrainian nationalists.	0
Here’s the link to the article, HTH!	1
In the latest transaction, management bought out the passive investors' holding, Mr. Richardson said.	0
IHNI where that came from.	1
I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago." Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications.	0
That conversation got a little awkward, IYKWIM.		1
Municipal bonds were mostly unchanged to up 1/8 point in light, cautious trading prior to tomorrow's unemployment report.	0
The file is taking forever to DL.	1
SOS, I’m lost in the city!	1
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days; not a forecast of future returns.	0
JC, did you send that email?	1
Mr. Maynard's forces finally defeated the measure, though it took a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to do it.	0
Market-based pollution control may consume some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries.	0
Been working all day, FISH.	1
Mr. Arias's long-time refusal to support the U.S.'s campaign against leftist Nicaragua earned him the ire of the Reagan White House.	0
You want to meet at 6? Bet.	1
In January, the New York Merc signed a letter of intent with the Chicago Merc as a preliminary step to joining their electronic system called Globex.	0
Thank you, FTBOMH, for everything you’ve done.	1
U.S. officials expressed skepticism over an Israeli effort to show the PLO continues to practice terrorism.	0
That joke had me SWL!	1
I downloaded a new MOD for the game.	1
Osborn also operates Muzak franchises, entertainment properties and small cable-television systems.	0
But not for auction houses.	0
Got rejected for the third time, feelsbatman.	1
The three men worked together on the so-called Brady Commission, headed by Mr. Brady, which was established after the 1987 crash to examine the market's collapse.	0
PLZTLME what happened at the meeting!	1
They hooked up last night, definitely a smash.	1
The legislation also includes a lower "training wage" for new workers who are teen-agers.	0
I’ll CU after work.	1
That offer and others like it killed any chance of a late rally and drove down stock-index futures prices to the daily limit, the trader added.	0
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis.	0
You seriously forgot the meeting? WTFO?	1
The dispute shows clearly the global power of Japan's financial titans.	0
I’ve got a plan, XD.	1
The real estate investment trust said the "purported class action suit," seeks "damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law." Gerald E. Wilson, corporate secretary and legal counsel, said the company wouldn't disclose further details.	0
I’ll send the first draft now, MTF on updates.	1
Have a great day! U2!	1
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper.	0
It was also in law school that Mr. O'Kicki and his first wife had the first of seven daughters.	0
I saw the surprise and had a VBS!	1
AIR, the deadline was next week.	1
Eishi Wakabayashi, a Nippon Kangyo executive vice president, confirmed that the firm "bought quite a bit" yesterday and last week, but he declined to elaborate.	0
Spain's most popular mini-series this year was "Juncal," the story of an aging bullfighter.	0
Michael Jordan is the GOAT of basketball.	1
Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd. has held the Australian Pepsi franchise for the past four years.	0
We ordered the same thing! GMTA.	1
Most software is distributed on cheap floppy disks, but the Next computer doesn't come with a device that reads them.	0
Please send the report NLT Friday.	1
Sorry, G2R! I’ll text you later.	1
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady said that Congress should grant the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to close the stock markets in periods of crisis.	0
Their proclaimed purpose is to cleanse East Germany of its Stalinist muck, not to merge with the West.	0
I’ve been waiting in the Q for 30 minutes.	1
The conference, held in Lower Silesia, was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, and the Polish Ecological Club, and was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry, as well as Hungarians, Czechs, Russians, Japanese and Americans.	0
Got to get back to RW responsibilities.	1
Kenneth Mayland, economist for Society Corp., a Cleveland bank, said demand for exports of factory goods is beginning to taper off.	0
That bowling split was tough, but NS!	1
I’m really busy ATM.	1
In May 1984, the document asserts, Northrop officials met with Mr. Park -- known best to Americans as C.K. Park -- and allegedly asked him to "perform promotional activities" for the F-20.	0
Goodnight, SD!	1
On a demonstration board, emcee Shelby Lyman showed a quick kill initiated by a knight sacrifice; no spectator refuted this line of play.	0
You seem upset, RUOK?	1
The post had been vacant for more than a year.	0
Everything is going smoothly, AISB.	1
Cincinnati Microwave Inc. said it introduced two radar detectors.	0
Richard Driscoll, vice chairman of Bank of New England, told the Dow Jones Professional Investor Report, "Certainly, there are those outside the region who think of us prospectively as a good partner.	0
You’re my BAE.	1
However, the officials said it was too early to disclose the nature of the proposed projects or indicate when the talks might be concluded.	0
IMS, I didn’t mean to offend you.	1
Wishing all the moms out there an H-MDAY!	1
Under the guise of "healing the wounds of the nation," President Carter pardoned thousands of draft evaders, thus giving dignity to their allegations of the war's "immorality." The precedent having been set, who can complain if future generations called upon to defend the U.S. yield to the temptation to avoid the danger of combat by simply declaring the war immoral and hiding until it is over?	0
I couldn’t believe what he was saying, STFU!	1
Even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude, analysts say, now the facility won't need any, at a time of already high availability.	0
And as Aeroflot struggles to boost its service standards, upgrade its fleet and pursue commercial opportunities, the Irish aviation industry seems poised to benefit.	0
She’s X! Always multitasking.	1
IYO, what’s the best way to learn coding?	1
The Palace, with its marble fountains and toga parties for high rollers, is already well-known for its Caesarean theme.	0
But after about eight months, the vice president of the division, Ed Soule, learned about the sessions and brought them to a halt.	0
I’m going to dinner with my P tonight.	1
Game over, YHL!	1
The latter are modish, trendy, often downright silly, and at best insubstantial.	0
I’m G4C, want to join?	1
Still, "I understand the reasons" that other states are holding out, he said.	0
Could you send me the file, WYGAM?	1
In addition, Hewlett-Packard, while a much smaller player, has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems.	0
Chase Manhattan Corp., after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building, has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower.	0
That story was SAL!	1
In another action, the ITC dismissed anti-dumping act complaints filed by Du Pont Co. of Wilmington, Del., against imports of neoprene, a type of synthetic rubber, from France and West Germany.	0
My BDAY is next week!	1
The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator, Samuel James Baker.	0
You coming to the 420 party this weekend?	1
The lower UAL opens, the more traders who've bought with borrowed money will have to sell UAL and other takeover stocks to meet margin calls.	0
I spend way too much time on SM.	1
Common Cause isn't the only body that thinks the Keating Five's interventions deserve scrutiny.	0
That dress looks VN on you!	1
Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors, including softer prices for polyethylene and other basic chemicals, a slower U.S. economy and a stronger dollar, which made Dow's exports from the U.S. more expensive to overseas customers.	0
He’s from Europe, total 4NR.	1
Officials expect difficulty routing traffic through downtown San Francisco.	0
We’re FBFs, but we haven’t met in person.	1
Finish the task AFAP, it’s a priority.	1
It could take six months for a claim to be paid.	0
Everything is Gucci, don’t worry.	1
Mr. Reynolds also notes that since British banks have no reserve requirements, high interest rates are less likely to curb inflation than to cause recession.	0
Because of the glitch, however, the company said it doesn't know when its machine will be commercially available.	0
Spilled coffee all over my laptop, FML.	1
Work’s done for today, BBT.	1
He also backed a rule to require large traders to report transactions on a systematic basis.	0
Ordinarily in genetic engineering each of these genes, minus the one that caused the virulence, would have been transferred to another bacterium, called E. coli, which would then produce a nonvirulent version of the toxin.	0
I haven’t been sick all year, KOW!	1
In addition to aircraft from Boeing Co., Cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 20 Airbus A330-300s.	0
Just wondering, SorG?	1
I told NO1 about the surprise.	1
By proceeding that way.	0
There’s nothing to do, IMSB.	1
Jack Davis, Dataproducts' president, chairman and chief executive officer, said the company "is at a loss to understand DPC's intentions." He called today's announcement "opportunistic and disruptive" and said the company intends to proceed with its restructuring.	0
You’re the best, LYLAS!	1
Farmers also benefited from strong livestock prices, as the nation's cattle inventory dropped close to a 30-year low.	0
Meanwhile, Toshiba's Japanese rivals, Hitachi, Fujitsu Ltd. and NEC Corp., aren't sitting still.	0
WYD this afternoon?	1
I’ll be AFK for 10 minutes, need to take a break.	1
Krenz, however, vowed to preserve the Communist Party's hold on political power and said East Germans shouldn't destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands.	0
Although it was published unsigned in the latest edition of the weekly Ekonomicheskaya Gazeta, Soviet sources say the article was written by Leonid Abalkin and a small group of colleagues.	0
You mean so much to me, ILU!	1
Thanks for the DHU during the tough times.	1
The loudest of these reformers are money managers who cater to smaller investors.	0
That performance was so cringe.	1
The machinists have opposed the buy-out because they weren't invited to participate in the deal and because they fear all the debt that would be taken on in the transaction would overburden the company.	0
Haven’t seen you in ages, MUSM!	1
South Carolina deserves an A for its quick and timely relief efforts.	0
Hees and Canadian Express executives couldn't be reached for comment.	0
That video had me BOSMKL!	1
Given the structure of most credit programs, it is surprising that default rates are not even higher.	0
That hashtag is the latest TT on Twitter.	1
The damage to the Bay area's roadways could cause significant economic hardship.	0
PAP of your new car!	1
She really had a glow up since high school.	1
Here are price trends on the world's major stock markets, as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective, Geneva.	0
Hoping to stay ahead of the pack, the company is emphasizing innovation.	0
Take care, CU2 soon!	1
We should also add Mr. Lawson's own explanation, as we understand it.	0
Let’s meet up, I’m A3.	1
I’m going fishing with my OM this weekend.	1
Bristol-Myers declined to comment.	0
Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings.	0
I just wanted to update you—NRN.	1
Kurds, suffering what many people consider to be a current extermination campaign at the hands of Syria, Iran and Iraq have inundated eastern Turkey.	0
Let’s meet TPM for coffee.	1
Proceeds from the sale will be used for remodeling and refurbishing projects, as well as for the planned MGM Grand hotel/casino and theme park.	0
Be careful online, DBEYR.	1
We need to DTR soon, I need to know where we stand.	1
However, Judge Weinstein wrote in his opinion late last month that terrorism and acts of war against civilians cannot be defined as political acts.	0
He went AWOL during the meeting.	1
Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world, other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product.	0
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories.	0
We’ve got a MOSS joining our team.	1
The barometer, developed by analysts at Columbia University's Center for International Business Cycle Research here, reached a record high of 223.0 in August, the latest month available, and the Columbia researchers estimate that it has moved even higher since then.	0
I think he’s benching me—he texts but never makes plans.	1
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards, says Mr. Covert.	0
Didn’t win the game, BLNT!	1
That exam was 2EZ!	1
But most lawyers accept that the marketplace has spoken.	0
Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be, but the structure is fine.	0
BRB, NIROK for a few minutes.	1
Check out this video on YT!	1
But that was not the case at NBC News, which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories.	0
That was fun, GGE1!	1
Trouble with a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool.	0
Nestled in the remote mountains of southern Sichuan province about 1,200 miles southwest of Beijing, it is virtually cut off from the rest of China.	0
My comment got a downvote, guess it wasn’t popular.	1
The early bipartisanship dissipates as issues become more contentious and the Democrats find their voice.	0
I’ve got CRS lately, where did I put my keys?	1
But a lower bid could face rejection by the UAL board.	0
Hey! What’s going on? NMU?	1
I’ve only been there 1CE, but I loved it.	1
But Mr. Giuliani, a celebrated prosecutor, has had difficulty switching from his crime-busting, finger-pointing mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big, troubled city.	0
Goodnight, MWAH!	1
Mr. Percival declined to comment.	0
No foreign companies bid on the Hiroshima project, according to the bureau.	0
Come on, QL! I’m being serious.	1
Going to visit my OL this weekend.	1
Net cash income -- the amount left in farmers' pockets after deducting expenses from gross cash income -- increased in 33 states in 1988, as the drought cut into crop yields and drove up commodity prices, the department's Economic Research Service reported yesterday.	0
I need that report ASAP!	1
Others analyze the data.	0
I really appreciate you <3.	1
Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West's third-quarter profit.	0
Prosecutors need court permission to obtain the tax returns of an individual or a business.	0
My BOYF is meeting me for dinner.	1
IMO, it’s best to start early.	1
The Egyptian president said he would visit Libya today to resume the talks.	0
Under Superfund, those who owned, generated or transported hazardous waste are liable for its cleanup, regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time.	0
You missed the point, RTFQ!	1
This discussion is going nowhere, IAO.	1
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment.	0
My phone’s battery died, FWP.	1
That proposal had been hailed by environmentalists but despised by utilities because they feared it would limit their growth.	0
I’ll catch you L8R!	1
Unfortunately, Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere.	0
The underwriters expect a double-A rating from Moody's.	0
I think I have a BCO that new guy.	1
I just rewatched LOTR last weekend.	1
Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies.	0
Yet even today, institutions are quietly practicing forms of portfolio insurance by nervously rushing to and fro in the markets.	0
WAS, I need to check my calendar.	1
Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio and TV reporters thrusting microphones into people's faces and asking how they "feel" about one calamity or another, fellow reporters and civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat.	0
That movie wasn’t scary at all, DMY!	1
The study by the Backer Spielvogel Bates ad agency also found that the colony's consumers feel more pressured than those in any of the other surveyed markets, which include the U.S. and Japan.	0
He’s AZN, right?	1
Got a 19, no help at all.	1
In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy.	0
His dismissal triggered a furor among intellectuals that continues today.	0
Don’t take the B8, it’s a trap!	1
Contributing to the selling pressure were dispatches by several investment firms advising clients to boost their stock holdings and reduce the size of their cash or bond portfolios.	0
PIR, can’t talk about that right now.	1
That match is OVA!	1
If the yen rebounds against the dollar, he said, there is less chance of an additional increase in interest rates, which could help stabilize Tokyo share prices.	0
FFS, can we please get this done?	1
Like almost everything in this wonderfully romantic and edgy movie, Ms. Pfeiffer's Susie seems like someone you've seen before, in numerous show-biz stories (even her name, Susie Diamond, sounds like a character Marilyn Monroe must have played).	0
Traders and analysts alike said the market's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage.	0
Talk to you soon, CUL8R!	1
The distribution represents available cash flow from the partnership between Aug. 1 and Oct. 31.	0
Gotta run, see you L8R!	1
The stock's decline also has left the UAL board in a quandary.	0
My DH is cooking dinner tonight.	1
Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway, president and chief executive officer, was elected chief executive of the holding company's two principal insurance subsidiaries.	0
I’m going out with my SO tonight.	1
Gotta go, B4N!	1
The market for system-management software for Digital's hardware is fragmented enough that a giant such as Computer Associates should do well there.	0
Just teasing, GDR!	1
But unlike the Tokyo exchange, they failed to extend the rise to a second session.	0
Schlumberger Ltd., New York, reported third-quarter net income edged up as growth in its oil-field services sector offset a decline in interest income.	0
That woman asked to speak to the manager, total Karen move.	1
If you’re ready, GA with the presentation.	1
NCNB, for example, has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market, and in Florida, rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities.	0
Ion even care what they think.	1
Going to the well of the chamber, Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted.	0
He yeeted the ball across the yard.	1
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81.	0
See you later! AWC!	1
Although it ultimately wasn't offered to him, he will be on retainer to American Express as an adviser on international matters.	0
What’s your ASL?	1
Rather, they reflect the Bank's time-tested, pragmatic approach, which aims at ensuring that developing countries put their scarce resources to the best possible use.	0
I’ve got some news, WYCM later?	1
Even in the short run, the investment boom could exacerbate a disturbing trend: Japanese exports are showing surprisingly little tendency to ease.	0
He’s so SQ, always following the rules.	1
He points to a letter on his desk, his second in a week from President Bush, saying that they "don't disagree." More broadly, Mr. Boren hopes that Panama will shock Washington out of its fear of using military power. "Maybe this will jolt us out of the post-Vietnam syndrome that we never are prepared to use force," he says.	0
OOMF just liked my tweet.	1
The business isn't related to Lotus's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks.	0
He had an AFFA tattoo on his arm.	1
Many of the lost tourism dollars won't be recovered; many trips delayed never take place.	0
It's the most stunning example of Las Vegas's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers.	0
It’s been so long, G2CU!	1
A recent indictment alleges that some floor brokers at the two largest Chicago commodity exchanges used market orders to fill customers' orders at unfavorable prices by arranging trades with fellow brokers.	0
I need to use a POT to heal.	1
But Mr. Ortega's threat over the weekend to end a 19-month cease-fire with the rebels seeking to topple him, effectively elevated the Contras as a policy priority just as they were slipping from the agendas of their most ardent supporters.	0
That joke was hilarious, UCMU!	1
After that presentation, I’m CID.	1
Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. say they use voice-activated systems to record and verify orders between salesmen and traders.	0
AMR declined to comment, and Mr. Trump didn't respond to requests for interviews.	0
Check out my new sneakers, KOTD!	1
That dessert looks amazing, GGMSOT!	1
The increase was spread fairly evenly among all three types of funds.	0
Hence the LBO craze.	0
Please UNA in the report.	1
Let’s meet B4 the event.	1
Duplicating research is both costly and time-consuming for a start-up, Ms. Emyanitoff says.	0
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air's chief financial officer, Derek Stevens, who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL's stock in the past week.	0
I’m trying to stack up this gaup before the weekend.	1
One secretary testified that the judge once called her to his office while wearing nothing at all.	0
You’ll always be FIMH, no matter what.	1
That’s a BDN to solve!	1
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60, at 2645.08.	0
I’m totes excited for the trip!	1
Any major attempt to revamp the health-care system is likely to trigger opposition from politically powerful interest groups, particularly the American Medical Association, and perhaps from the public as well, if Congress takes steps that patients fear will limit the availability of care.	0
What’s going on with you? NOYB!	1
But at the same time, spending on physician services and ambulatory care have mushroomed. "It's like squeezing a balloon," Dr. Bailit said.	0
Look at that THOT at the party.	1
The statement came after officials said Bush complained at a private meeting last week that a strict interpretation of a policy requires the U.S. to notify foreign dictators of certain coup plots.	0
He made a VEG when he pulled the prank.	1
Pfizer gained 1 7/8 to 67 5/8, Schering-Plough added 2 1/4 to 75 3/4, Eli Lilly rose 1 3/8 to 62 1/8 and Upjohn firmed 3/4 to 38.	0
For instance, juries would have to consider specific "aggravating" and "mitigating" factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death.	0
SIMYC, I was in a meeting.	1
The family's long absence is understandable.	0
Can you send me the report, PLS?	1
He was acting like a total SOS.	1
He succeeds L.L. White Jr., 62, who resigned but continues as a director.	0
You need more details? RMMM!	1
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old. "I don't want expensive machines.	0
He is our most dangerous enemy.	0
I’m staying in COS it’s raining.	1
We need to improve our SEO for better website traffic.	1
Takanori Mizuno, chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc., a Tokyo research center on finance and economics, says, "The junk bond market became very jittery, and there's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies.	0
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it.	0
I’m tired af after that workout.	1
That statement is ridiculous, QFI!	1
Those investments paid big commissions to First Meridian, payments investors were never told about, the attorney general alleged.	0
Don’t get mad, I’m JT!	1
The office is suffering from "a dead battery," as Alan Gottesman, an analyst with PaineWebber, puts it.	0
Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms, and thus ensure Finland's survival as a shipbuilding nation.	0
I’ve been playing RS all weekend.	1
After that victory, I can say WISP!	1
But the talks on a heavy truck alliance apparently didn't go far.	0
In addition, McCall's put in a less than stellar performance.	0
He handled that like a BAMF!	1
Thanks for the ride! YW!	1
Campbell Soup, not surprisingly, doesn't have any plans to advertise in the magazine, according to its spokesman.	0
The Office of Thrift Supervision failed to return numerous phone calls.	0
The meeting was a disaster, ICEDI.	1
Mr. Hoelzer, however, sued Stamford, claiming that the city had abandoned the artwork and that it had waited too long to reclaim it.	0
You’ll finish in an hour? YR.	1
Let’s roll an ACE for the weekend.	1
Another passenger heard one-year-old Sabrina's cry and pulled her from an overhead luggage compartment.	0
Need legal advice? IAAL, happy to help.	1
IBM can obviously bring its expertise to bear on problems related to computer manufacturing, but it could also help customers on software to deal with such things as changes in engineering documents.	0
WUF? You sound like you’re from the UK.	1
In yesterday's edition, it was incorrectly included with a list of New York chains up for sale.	0
My DEGT loves playing soccer.	1
Brokers clutching thick folders stand in lines, waiting their turn to speak to the underwriters.	0
Many issues "bounced off the floor," Mr. Minella said, and benchmark junk issues "recovered all of their losses" from Friday and early yesterday.	0
Let’s catch up later, TTYS!	1
Work was brutal today, ADIH.	1
NORTH SIDE SAVINGS BANK directors declared an initial dividend of 10 cents a share, payable Dec. 5 to stock of record Nov. 21.	0
TMA, don’t invest in that stock.	1
On the Big Board, a "side car" is put into effect when the S&P futures rise or fall 12 points.	0
I got your message, ImL!	1
Still, no one expects IBM's rivals to deliver a knockout.	0
In fact, Kidder is a minor player in just about every business it does except computer-driven program trading; in that controversial business, only Morgan Stanley & Co. rivals Kidder.	0
I high-key love this song.	1
Too much caffeine, CICO time!	1
National Football League owners elected lawyer Paul Tagliabue as commissioner, succeeding Pete Rozelle, who announced his retirement in March after 30 years in the post.	0
No matter what happens, IWALU.	1
In the end his move was sparked by remarks in excerpts from Sir Alan's autobiography in The American Economist, a 10,000-circulation academic journal.	0
Vista Chemical Co., with three chemical plants in and near Lake Charles, La., "prepares for every hurricane that enters the Gulf of Mexico," says Keith L. Fogg, a company safety director.	0
I left you a VM about the meeting.	1
He also pointed out that the volume on Wednesday was 8,839 contracts, which for cocoa is extremely heavy.	0
Goodnight, ILY!	1
You hit two home runs, ND!	1
Three seats currently are vacant and three others are likely to be filled within a few years, so patent lawyers and research-based industries are making a new push for specialists to be added to the court.	0
I expected him to say, "I told you so," but he already was snoring.	0
That rollercoaster was CRZ!	1
Caldwell Butler, a conservative former congressman, was barred from a Legal Services post, after he gave wrong answers on abortion.	0
You need tax advice? IAAA, I can help.	1
After repeated gun robberies, some entrepreneurs may give up a business out of fear for their lives.	0
Break’s over, time to GBTW.	1
DAFUQ just happened there?	1
The collagen corneal shield helps speed healing of the cornea after eye surgery.	0
But does it have to be so soon?	0
When it comes to reasons I’m tired: AOTA.	1
I’ve been texting you, RUT?	1
Over the next 20 years, California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country.	0
The food was MEH, not great but not terrible.	1
Prince, the rock star, is indecent, according to the Federal Communications Comission.	0
Is NE1 coming to the game tonight?	1
Banks may contribute more senior debt.	0
RGR, I’ll meet you there.	1
Peter Anthony, who runs an employment agency in New York, decries program trading as "limiting the game to a few," but he also isn't sure it should be more strictly regulated. "I don't want to denounce it because denouncing it would be like denouncing capitalism," he explains.	0
I took the quiz JFF, it’s not serious.	1
The Pentagon's strategists produce budgets that simply cannot be executed because they assume a defense strategy depends only on goals and threats.	0
You’re killing it at work, YGG!	1
However, David Threlkeld, president of Threlkeld & Co., an international metals company, noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988, and that projected production is below last year.	0
WUZ that a good idea?	1
Donaldson's statement isn't merely an idle boast, because those bonds will have to be sold before Donaldson's bridge loan can be paid back.	0
I forgot my wallet at home, facepalm.	1
A few blue-chip stocks posted strong gains, boosted by special factors, while the majority of shares ended little changed.	0
I don’t care what you think, BIOYA.	1
Where's this huge amount of investment capital coming from?	0
E1 needs to be ready by 5 PM.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 39.55 to 2613.73.	0
I’ve got so many SNRs to reply to on Snapchat.	1
NEC Corp. said it plans to more than double its British subsidiary's capacity for the production of semiconductor wafers.	0
Winners outpaced losers, 572 to 368, while 181 issues remained unchanged.	0
I told you to clean your room, 4COL!	1
I’m feeling relaxed, IGHT.	1
As part of the drive, the first 50,000 viewers who put up #10 each will get a package valued at #170 -- including a satellite receiving dish, equipment installation and a three-month subscription to its pay-movie service.	0
I’m laughing, but LBVS, you need to fix that.	1
Individual Inc., a new company in Brookline, Mass., uses filtering technology developed by Cornell University computer scientist Gerard Salton, to automatically produce customized newsletters it sends electronically to subscribers by 8 a.m. the next day.	0
The beach is amazing, WYWH!	1
Over the summer, Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time.	0
I’m playing AOM with some friends later.	1
Adm. Goupil said that when the F-18s wear out, the navy is prepared to take Rafales to replace them.	0
Got you good with that prank, AF!	1
The details of next week's unusual auction will be announced today.	0
We hit the JP with that business deal!	1
The president of Herzog, Heine, Mr. Geduld expects the market to be "very choppy" for a while. "There's a lot of uncertainty out there, and it will cause a lot of swings," he said.	0
This laptop is great VFM.	1
But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc, Mr. Krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation's very existence: German reunification.	0
The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 to 320.94 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 to 189.52.	0
You’ve been gone for a while, W/B!	1
I’ll be there PDQ!	1
The Iraqi oil minister and Saudi oil minister Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market.	0
However, those sales were early in the field's history, before production equipment was installed.	0
His coding skills are so l33t.	1
Don’t worry about it, just BC.	1
Based largely on the recent strength in their index, called the long leading indicator, the Columbia analysts foresee uninterrupted economic growth through the rest of this year and next year as well.	0
But the ice-core samples aren't definitive proof that the so-called greenhouse effect will lead to further substantial global heating, Mr. Thompson acknowledged.	0
If you stay up late, YHBW.	1
The weekend went by so fast, OGIM.	1
Oddly, though, on the very same page you printed a comment that addresses one of the most serious shortcomings of the American education system.	0
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill, perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation.	0
I’ll be there at 5, RT.	1
Lost the game, feelsbadman.	1
The company said it expects sales to improve due to a number of new products, including a "pump" basketball shoe that can be inflated to better fit the foot.	0
An official for the lead underwriter declined to comment on the reason for the delay, but market participants speculated that a number of factors, including a lack of investor interest, were responsible.	0
That story had me PMSL!	1
ATSL, we should consider other options.	1
At one sales strategy meeting, an executive suggested ordering salespeople to become experts on the annual report.	0
Mr. Day, 56 years old, succeeds J. Mason Reynolds, who retired.	0
You’re still talking about that? GAL!	1
When a Louisville woman complained that a ghost was haunting her attic, Mr. Baker discovered a rat dragging a trap across the rafters.	0
I texted him last night, but I got NR.	1
Both the Treasury and Congress traditionally have pushed for easy money, the Treasury to reduce its debt management problems and Congress to satisfy powerful producer constituencies who want a weak dollar for short-term competitive gains in world markets.	0
Wait, NM, I found the answer.	1
This song hits different at night.	1
In addition, Ms. Consolo says, tenants usually can negotiate to pay rents that are about one-quarter lower than landlords' initial asking price.	0
Michael J.C. Roth, USAA executive vice president, called program trading "mindless." He said there is "no valid investment reason" for stock-index futures to exist.	0
She texted me LHSX after the party.	1
Mr. Spiegelman is professor of English at Southern Methodist University and editor of the Southwest Review.	0
Beyoncé is such a mom.	1
Here’s a funny meme, FYA!	1
In some of the experiments, it killed almost all the infected cells, the researchers said.	0
He softened the talk about a recession.	0
I might move abroad one day, YNK.	1
Bond prices surged in reaction to the sell-off in stocks, then eased slightly during the afternoon recovery.	0
She looked absolutely DDG in that dress.	1
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently, leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill.	0
I’m using some PTO to take a vacation.	1
Several big Wall Street securities firms have bowed to pressure and pulled back in recent days from stock-index arbitrage, the form of program trading that many accuse of amplifying, if not actually causing, stock-market volatility.	0
TBH, I didn’t enjoy the party last night.	1
TIA for any suggestions you can give!	1
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean, perhaps measured by M-Whatever, but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity.	0
He forgot his homework again, SMH.	1
But rail, air and ocean-shipping links to the area escaped Tuesday's earthquake with only minor damage, and many are expected to be operating normally today, government and corporate transport officials said.	0
What’s your plan? IGN, honestly.	1
So the potato crop, once 47 million tons, is down to 35 million.	0
Loews, the parent of CNA Financial, rose 1 3/8 to 123 1/8.	0
AAF, I did finish the report yesterday.	1
PMFI, but I think we need to revise this.	1
The struggle over capital gains is the most important game in town.	0
That move was BA!	1
He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution.	0
OMG, I can’t believe it!	1
A final dispute involved in the leveraged buy-out issue is how much authority the Transportation Department should have in dealing with LBOs.	0
The fallout for investors lately has been painful.	0
I’m BAK, what did I miss?	1
Hardly a day passes without news photos of the police dragging limp protesters from some building or thoroughfare in one of our cities.	0
Can’t discuss that right now, PAW.	1
I’m spending the weekend with my SIS.	1
MINORITY RECRUITING has yet to meet hopes raised by Bush administration.	0
You want to change my weekend plans? OMDB!	1
Investors rushed to buy bonds during the summer as prices soared on speculation that interest rates would continue to fall.	0
The company attributed the improvement to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of Echelon Service Co. and the inclusion of a full year's results of operations for RTS Inc., compared with seven months' results for the prior year.	0
Hope you’re doing well, TAUMUALU.	1
At 3:55, five minutes before the market closed, the meeting began.	0
Goodnight! KFY!	1
Lee Seidman of Cleveland says Infiniti "was a bear on interiors" but at least let him retrofit an existing building -- without the stream.	0
Why would you do that, AYSOS?	1
If the transaction raised objections, the studio's syndication operations could be spun off into a separate firm in which the network doesn't have a direct stake.	0
I’m heading to the store, BBIAF.	1
The problem is that Mr. Icahn is pushing him to move faster and further in restructuring USX than Mr. Corry had planned.	0
What’s the best option? UTM.	1
Clearly, the existence of the former lures the latter.	0
That video is NSFL, don’t watch it!	1
But Irving Kayton, a patent expert at George Mason University School of Law who is familiar with the case, said the fact that seven patents were infringed "suggests that infringement was willful.	0
I’ll PM you the details.	1
Otherwise, actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate.	0
ATEOTD, we just want the project to succeed.	1
The broadcasters were, after all, documenting the game, ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick.	0
I prefer RYO cigarettes.	1
ERS2? I can’t believe that happened!	1
For example, President James A. Garfield is entombed here, the victim of an assassination in 1881. (Mr.	0
The struggle against the drug lords in Colombia will be a near thing.	0
I’m late BC traffic was crazy.	1
Don’t take it seriously, I’m JJA.	1
Recognition Equipment Inc. said it settled a civil action filed against it by the federal government on behalf of the U.S. Postal Service.	0
This party is on a HNL!	1
Duriron Co. said it has agreed to buy Automax Inc., a Cincinnati maker of control accessories for industrial valves.	0
What’s up? NTHING, just relaxing.	1
In such an environment, a market maker can absorb huge losses.	0
OH at the coffee shop: ‘I can’t believe they canceled the meeting!’	1
Though details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake that shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area, a spot check of computer makers turned up little, if any, potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment.	0
Frank Lloyd Wright is reported to have said once that if you tipped the world on its side, everything loose would end up in California.	0
The report you sent looks good, AC.	1
That meme had me ROTFL!	1
If further research proves the seed's benefits, this dusty farm district could become the epicenter of a health-food fad to rival all fads since cod-liver oil.	0
Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading, designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures.	0
I appreciate that you always TILIS.	1
About 20,000 sets of Learning Materials teachers' binders have also been sold in the past four years.	0
I’ll be waiting for your email, WWYC.	1
I was BAG laughing at that joke!	1
U.S. companies developing management teams are wrestling with how to handle individual suggestion systems.	0
You lost your keys again? OB!	1
Before that he was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. Reebok added that Mr. Fireman will assume the title of president.	0
Describing itself as "asset rich," Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports, various ferries, ferry services, containers, and other investments.	0
That movie was mid, nothing special.	1
It is insulting and demeaning to say that scientists "needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts" and that environmental groups need them to stay in business.	0
You don’t agree? Well, KMT.	1
By any "reasonable man" criterion, Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted.	0
Send me a PIC of your new puppy!	1
DIAPER SERVICES make a comeback amid growing environmental concerns.	0
We need to 86 that project; it’s not working.	1
While they don't expect the Fed to move right away, they say the case for lower rates is building.	0
He’s been attending AA meetings for a year now.	1
He simply can't stomach the taste of Heinz, she says.	0
I’ll be free later, HMU if you want to hang out.	1
All the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity.	0
After sitting all day, OMAA!	1
What’s happening in the news today? DKDC.	1
Still, without many actual deals to show off, Kidder is left to stress that it finally has "a team" in place, and that everyone works harder.	0
That's not character.	0
Those leftovers? YCHT.	1
Unfortunately, the comment was buried in another article, so it could not stand out in an education context.	0
You can complain all you want, but DILLIGAF.	1
He solved that puzzle in seconds, big brain moves.	1
Pierre Vinken, 61 years old, will join the board as a nonexecutive director Nov. 29.	0
Add me on FB!	1
The new data underscored the severity of the nation's health-care cost problem.	0
Send me an INV to the game.	1
But one recent day, they became much closer.	0
He previously was staff director and counsel for the Senate committee on banking, housing and urban affairs.	0
Can you give me your ASLA?	1
The demonstrators have been non-violent, but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute.	0
TM, this movie is worth watching!	1
Revco insists that the proposal is simply an "expression of interest," because under Chapter 11 Revco has "exclusivity rights" until Feb. 28.	0
Just CLK here to sign up.	1
But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work and those that don't.	0
RMLB, I’m not going to change my mind.	1
He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors, reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets, seek safer securities. "If the Tennessee Valley Authority sale is any guide, there appears to be good demand for top-quality, long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts," he said.	0
That joke was funny, but definitely UNPC.	1
What’s up with you? N2M over here.	1
Mr. Leavitt, 37, was elected chairman earlier this year by the company's new board, having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs.	0
Just finished my project early, feelsgoodman.	1
In response to the ruling, gilt futures swiftly plunged more than a point yesterday before recovering much of the loss by the end of the session.	0
You’re acting like the boss, WDALYIC?	1
Savings have come from firing some high-paid research engineers, ending peripheral marketing activities such as race-car promotions and deferring plant-modernization plans.	0
It achieved a good media play, and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of "conscience." Further ammunition came from left legal theorist Ronald Dworkin, who in the New York Review of Books painted a picture of a constitutional zombie willfully reading his personal prejudices into the Constitution, particularly in the area of "original intent." The charge of being "outside the mainstream" of legal thought gravely undercut Mr. Bork's scholarly standing, leaving him bleeding on the platform.	0
She’s listed as a DWF in the profile.	1
Stock-market investments also help balance the other assets an individual owns, says John Blankenship Jr., president of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners.	0
That meme is TNTL-worthy!	1
The other came in 1974-75 from the combined shock of world recession and a severe local stock market crash.	0
I’ll be late, need to PUKS.	1
That was cool AF!	1
In the U.S., PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network.	0
Foothills' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines.	0
OOTD, I’ll finally visit Paris.	1
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data.	0
You remember? YSYD.	1
You’re in trouble…JK!	1
Another hurdle concerns Japan's attempts to persuade the Soviet Union to relinquish its post-World War II control of four islands north of Japan.	0
I’ll be B in a sec.	1
Retailers could get a boost this year from the calendar.	0
We were so LIT after that party.	1
The town is home to the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame and it hosts the annual Fat Tire Bike Week.	0
Hey, ZUP with you today?	1
American Home Products, based in New York, agreed to recall four other products, trazadone, doxepin, diazepam and lorazapam, because of concerns about data submitted in their original approval applications before the FDA.	0
It is a bureaucratic country.	0
Oh, another road trip? BTDT.	1
Mr. Gras said he expects a definitive agreement between the two companies to be completed in the next few months.	0
Finally, the weekend is here! TGIF!	1
The average recession lasts about a year.	0
I spilled my drink sksksk.	1
Two segments posted lower earnings for the quarter.	0
Hold on, BBIAM.	1
Company officials say the flotations of the paper and British retailing businesses are likely only after the disposals of the U.S. retailing assets.	0
I'll be AT in 5 minutes.	1
Already the Germans appear to be acting; at a special meeting on the day of the decline, directors of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange voted to extend their trading hours, although they haven't decided when or by how much.	0
Thanks for always being there, LULT!	1
That song is living rent-free in my head	1
Mr. Amos says the Shaw-Crier team will probably do two live interviews a day, with most of the program, at least for now, appearing similar to CNN's other newcasts.	0
I SPTO her about the event.	1
A company spokesman said it was "possible, but highly unlikely," that the plant might never be built. "As we regain our leadership level where we have been, and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity, we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan," he said.	0
Generally in the quarter, overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability.	0
That meal was GUD!	1
But I feel that if somebody doesn't get up and start talking about this now, the next time around, when we have the next iteration of these programs, it will still be true that everyone is scared to talk about it.	0
That joke gave me a BL!	1
Appealing to a young audience, he scraps an old reference to Ozzie and Harriet and instead quotes the Grateful Dead.	0
We’re going to the concert, LDO!	1
Maybe it was their peculiar sense of history.	0
APAC to the entire team for the hard work!	1
If all the debt is converted to common, Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares; last Monday, the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding.	0
What’s up, d00d?	1
We’re finally FBO—changed our relationship status!	1
Procter & Gamble Co. plans to begin testing next month a superconcentrated detergent that will require only a few spoonfuls per washload.	0
And for those who miss the message the first time around, not to worry: Three tiny batteries provide enough juice for as many as 650 replays.	0
The way you explain things, DYFM!	1
Thus the band-wagon psychology of recent days picks up new impetus.	0
That was an amazing shot, OB!	1
Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31, are expected to be released the third week of November, according to Michael Dell, chairman and chief executive officer.	0
IAE, we should still be prepared.	1
I just need to grab something, CRB.	1
The measure approved yesterday doesn't include increased anti-drug funding that was already incorporated into other spending bills.	0
But they believe themselves to be serving, and they begin to respect themselves (and others), to take control of their lives, to think of the future.	0
GAS, how’s everyone doing today?	1
That joke was hilarious, CSL!	1
And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam.	0
The legislation introduced by Sen. Biden adopts the same approach as the Powell report: state-provided lawyers, in exchange for limiting appeals.	0
I wasn’t being serious, JP!	1
That was a tough match, but VGG!	1
It's an activity she feels she can do for life, and by pulling a golf cart, she still gets a good workout. "I'm really wiped out after walking five hours," she says.	0
Crown Resources Corp. said it reached a definitive agreement to acquire the Gold Texas Resources Ltd. shares it doesn't already own.	0
Can’t talk, I’m OTP right now.	1
The United spokesman said none of its people were injured at the airport; in fact, as the airport was being evacuated Tuesday night, two babies were born.	0
What’s YR plan for the weekend?	1
The counter-argument, which he has heard, is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president's proposal, the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy.	0
We finally met IRL after months of online chatting.	1
Let’s grab DNR tonight.	1
The interviews took place two years ago.	0
Let’s change the topic, PSOS.	1
They cite a lack of "imbalances" that provide early warning signals of a downturn.	0
I’m going offline, TTYAFN.	1
Take a Hawaiian vacation.	0
Meanwhile, the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan's steel quota, and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community.	0
I need to be the AITR and handle this responsibly.	1
They noted that because the consumer price index, known as the CPI, is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index, or PPI, it could signal further easing by Fed.	0
You need to stop doing that, LBS.	1
That decision was ridiculous, he’s an IWIAM.	1
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an "informed consent" provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves.	0
Goodnight, ILY!	1
Much of Washington thought it detected George Bush in a characteristic waffle on abortion the past week.	0
Rep. Bill McCollum (R., Fla.) reports that these included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards, ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms.	0
We’ll talk after EOS.	1
But value, it turns out, is only what a buyer will pay.	0
I’ve texted you three times today, SOMY?	1
I was going to call, but NANA—it’s handled.	1
The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll.	0
Although bond prices weren't as volatile on Tuesday trading as stock prices, traders nevertheless said action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market.	0
AISI, we should approach this problem differently.	1
She wore the same dress as the bride at the wedding? Big yikes.	1
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans.	0
That video was so funny, ROFLCOPTER!	1
For smaller newspapers, syndicated features can be crucial.	0
Then they took the art to Acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine.	0
I got so much SWAG at the conference!	1
That joke had me BWL!	1
BellSouth's revised proposal surprised many industry analysts, especially because of the company's willingness to accept some dilution of future earnings.	0
I had a great QSO with him about technology.	1
Since its founding in 1818, Brooks Brothers, the standard-bearer of the Ivy League look, has eschewed flashy sales promotions and fashion trends -- the rules that most retailers live by.	0
That game was UNBLEFBLE!	1
They announced a reduction in formalities for travel, but didn't show any real signs of resuming full diplomatic ties.	0
Both banks have been battered, as have other Arizona banks, by falling real estate prices.	0
I joined a PUG for the dungeon.	1
AFAIK, they haven’t made a decision yet.	1
The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations, the company said.	0
The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up.	0
DNT forget to bring the tickets!	1
As program trading comes under renewed attack for causing stock market gyrations, a few people on Wall Street say it is time to consider extreme measures.	0
The YTB session was lively and full of energy.	1
I’m OTL, back in an hour.	1
Using it, wouldn't a proessional hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner?	0
Many bankers view property-sector loans as particularly risky.	0
I’m out of MP, need to recharge.	1
He himself lives in a "consecutive series of unnumbered houses in a town in Switzerland." The property seized by the IRS is a Hollywood film studio, Master Pictures Incorporated (MPI).	0
He’s been AWOL for a few days now.	1
My boss is such a boomer, doesn’t even know how to use Zoom.	1
If Accord were to top the list in 1990, it would be the first vehicle from a foreign auto maker ever to hold that spot.	0
So far, however, Sony hasn't been willing to meet its considerable financial demands.	0
That joke was so bad, I’m SIS.	1
It was the most active of the 100-share index at 8.3 million shares, 6.5 million of which were traded by midday.	0
That car is NFS, sorry!	1
What’s YA plan for the weekend?	1
Yet there will be people who will sob at "Immediate Family," a limply constructed and offensive movie about adoption.	0
That was a well-PLD match!	1
Delivery is to begin in early 1991.	0
While flying home from those discussions, Mr. Bush drafted a letter to Mr. Gorbachev suggesting an informal get-together to precede their formal summit next year.	0
Working in tech means being in an ARE.	1
You really aced that presentation, N1!	1
Nevertheless, on Capitol Hill, where the information was released yesterday at a Senate banking subcommittee hearing, lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities.	0
With three minutes left on the clock, Mr. Aikman takes the snap, steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back.	0
I was CLAB during that sad movie.	1
I don’t want to get involved, so LMNK.	1
Mr. Trump, who vowed Wednesday to "go forward" with the bid, said he was dropping it "in light of the recent change in market conditions." He said he might now sell his AMR stake, buy more shares, or make another offer at a lower price.	0
How are U doing today?	1
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks.	0
You’re fired! JK, I could never fire you.	1
A spokesman said Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible.	0
I think it’s ‘accommodate,’ NSISR.	1
And the local expression for brother is "brah," not "bruddah." And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty, if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left, not right, ear.	0
KEYME once you arrive at the hotel.	1
The ad campaign, created by Saatchi & Saatchi's Backer Spielvogel Bates agency, is an extension of the auto company's "Cars That Make Sense" campaign, which emphasized affordability.	0
Even if it’s hard, always DTRT.	1
The group controls 795,900 H.H. Robertson common shares, assuming exercise of an option it acquired from Executive Life Insurance Co. to buy 497,400 shares.	0
A spokesman for Southern Co. would say only that discussions are continuing between Gulf Power and federal prosecutors. "We have no further developments to report," he said.	0
LEMENO if you’re free this weekend.	1
Thanks for everything, ILUM!	1
The development, traders said, showed that there is more than ample liquidity available for investment despite the market's recent directionless trend.	0
Even though we’re miles apart, we’re BFFLNMW.	1
The fast-food business is "intensely competitive," notes Wertheim Schroder analyst John Rohs.	0
This sword is BOP, so I have to decide if I want it.	1
Its earnings from operations for the third quarter were above the year-ago level, but fell short of analysts' forecasts.	0
Your idea GMV for sure.	1
Once inside, she spends nearly four hours measuring and diagramming each room in the 80-year-old house, gathering enough information to estimate what it would cost to rebuild it.	0
CFS? I have some juicy gossip.	1
India's Gandhi called for parliamentary elections next month.	0
You messed up my plans, FU!	1
Several people familiar with the agreement said Merrill hasn't told RJR of any decision not to proceed with the purchase.	0
